" Being underweight increases the risk of infection. Also, thin amount of iron causes fatigue easily.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 Blood plasma becomes noticeable when a person have sickle cell disease and poor diet with light amount of red blood cells.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Blood shot and yellowish tone in white part of the eyes are the sign of fatigue.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Brown urine is a sign of dehydration.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Can excess amount of blood plasma and lack of oxygen can cause a disease? I guess I have large amount of an excessive blood plasmas which makes me feel weary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Cant pronounce his name, but he really is the best doctor on the north end.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Come back to Renton                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Do you know any drs in the Ann Arbor area that are just like you???                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" Dr. Shainmark is NOT a neurologist, rather a psychiatrist...and a poor one at that! He is pompous and nasty. Stay away if you want to preserve your mental health!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Drinking ponderous amount of water can cause a seizure that leads to death. Usually about ten liters in short time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Excited about your new location!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Gallbladder has a stronger acid than stomach acid and produced after the first digestion to kill germs or destroy poisonings.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Great new sign in the Bellevue office                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Hi doc my name is awais and I suffered premature ejaculation my girl friend left me yesterday she is my first girl friend and first sex partner too I need your help please give some usefull  advice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Hi Dr                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 hi Dr how are u this message from Ethiopia                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Hi hbaebee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 hi.. i have a pain in my right hand index finger nail.. when ever i hit or my kids catches that finger it pains soo badly like anything from inside that nails..why is it  like that?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" I agree with Brent, I really like th new bellevue office                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 I heard that green feces is a sign of malnutrition or digestion problems.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I realized my blood is orange because of water with plasma added in my blood as a result of an unbalanced diet. I am reducing in activities because of small amount of iron and required oxygen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" I was admitted to bethesda west. I have an ileostomy, my colon was removed in 2011. D. Charvit neglected to check valproic acid levels, did not address my blood sugar level that had spiked to over 451 and then 538 at one point. Met with me for 2 minutes in the morning prior to this. It turned out I was having rolling siezures. Thank god we saw a competant doctor. Avoid this menace at all costs!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 I WOULD NOT recommend this Dr. He says information out of confidence and is disrespectful. I was very shocked at my visit with him. VERY DISAPPOINTED  
" If an unnecessarily large amount of vitamin c or calcium is taken, it can damage heart and arteries. "
" If bruise and cyst are left untreated, it can even damage the bones.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" If large amount of protein is consumed and not used by an exercise, it can actually cause kidney damage, obesity and kidney stone especially obvious for a steroids user who takes protein replacement.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" If water level in the body is overhydrated, it causes weakness and malfunction of the organs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
" If white part of the eyes are clear or bluish, it is the sign of steady health.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Immn                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Jwaint pain                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Love the new Bellevue office                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 LQiqi                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Malnutrition and lack of iron causes lightening of blood and adds amount of blood plasmas. It might turn pink or fainter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Massage  maybe free                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 May've been bothered by sinusitis. My eyes are swollen. Feel the heaviness in the eyes .. wake up in the morning on the day the cuff often turns head hurts .. The problem is 6 months                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 My problem is my pimples                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 My son is not so healthy crossing 7 years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Orange blood is a sign of sickle cell disease and lacking iron with hemoglobin. Urine will be also diluted to watery.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 protein in urine 3+                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Purple blood is a sign of lacking in oxygen or hemoglobin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Scabs cause a scar in the wounds. But it should be removed if it has an infection underneath.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Stretching helped a lot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Taking large amount of vitamin C is harmful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Taking large amount of water and insufficient amount of nutrition is harmful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Taking too much vitamin C can damage kidney and bladder. 
" Thats walid barbour , have no idea where chinchila came from, lol                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" This doctor is biased, misinformed and insensitive to mental health issues. I would be very wary of seeking her advice and she is the last paediatrician I would take my baby to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 Unnatural light shade of blood is a sign of sickle-cell disease and super flowing amount of remaining plasma. It can cause limited absorption of oxygen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Your mobsil no                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Your phone number please                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Your phone number please                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
"530k isn't a lot considering population. And only about 1% of hpv becomes cancer, but thanks for your opinion."
a good explanation. but sorry the other doc answered in more detail and clearer. thank you a lot
A large number of docs are money insatiable; they're in just for the money. Heartless & grumpy are docs.
"A little late, but great advice!"
"Actually, it IS my business. He lives at home and has no job. He is STILL in high school due to a combination of LD and laziness. I support him 100% financially and have 2 younger daughters watching him. So yeah. It's my business. Oh- he previously took my dead mother's jewelry from my jewelry box and melted it down for drug money. Next time, don't be so glib."
"ADFLNE is frontal lobe epilepsy, can you give me an answer?Best wishes"
Although this didnt answer my question thanks
"Am just surprised at how many doctors agree with your answers like it is astandard answer.I thank you for your response but it seems unfair, and a cop out. it seems like you guys are trained to take the easy way out. I believe that a true study needs to be done to find out how prozac affects long term relationships. prozac is for single people, not those in relationships"
"Appreciate reply, though gist of question centered on my doctor seeming to condone Urologists very low bar before biopsy."
Btfgxfu
"calm down doc, its for a studies report in class. why people drink blood, are attracted to it, ect. figured i'ld get some views from doctors"
Can't understand what you say
Certainly an inflammation is not for the body. I'm well-informed. Maybe you're
didnt help much but thnx for tryin
"Dr Williams? I got two words: cosinesend... i know without a doubt, that e idddvvvvvvvi"
"Dr. Friedman, regarding awake craniotomy see a psychiatrist??? You do not think this seriousily! I am not fool, so why psychiatrist?"
"For a ""minimally invasive"" cancer (MD Anderson's doctors description), Dr. Pettaway performed majorly invasive surgery. What I was told was going to be done and what actually occurred were two different things. The way I see what he/they did was, ""butchery."" I wasn't even given a medical approval form related to the procedure until the day AFTER surgery. Post-surgery when I brought up my concerns related to how the surgery was physically and emotionally affecting me, Dr. Pettaway got offended. He and MD Anderson treat patients like it's an assembly line rather than as human beings."
Gastroenterologist?
"Good doctor! He treated me in 2005. Last time I tried to get an appointment with him, in 2010, it was impossible & staff not so friendly :( Hopefully that has changed by now :)"
Have seen a reumtologist buy they have no answers for me. What could be wrong???
"health is related to psych trauma,thanks anyway"
hello sir..my IgE level is 2801 IU/ml.i m 20 years old.i m realy worried about it..can this be treated?
How dare you? The reason is purely financial. OxyContin is $709/month whereas Methadone is $60/month. Someone must have really burnt you!!!
I am a transgender that decided to make use of mirifica oil to grow up my breast.   I took 30 pills of peurara mirifica and was oiling my chest so it grow up very quickly.   Last week i accidentally dropped more wow oil tha necessary .   I developed a light sensitve skin infection that is spreading very fast...pls help...
"i cant write a recommendation. i can say that he violates hippa laws, is rude and condescending and is more of a drug pusher than a doctor. trusting the care of a family member to him has cost me everything i have cared about"
"i have 170m and 100 kg, please help me"
I have been sweating excessively and forgetting to drink water i get pain in my lower back when moving and bad headaches.
I just sent another question answering what u asked\n Thank u for your reply
i nid ur help
"I would never recommend this doctors office. The staff was rude and unprofessional. My son and I waited an hour and a half to be seen and after an hour I asked to speak wit h the office manager, lynda. Lynda was extremely rude and said that there was nothing she could do and that I could leave if I felt like it. I was shocked. I'm the customer and without customers, they're not in business!!"
"I would never recommend this Dr. On 12/30/2007 he treated/or did nothing to treat, my mother, who he saw in the E.R. at Knox Community Hospital. He told us there was nothing wrong with her. He had poop on his finger so she COULD poop. and walked out of the room. This lady had never complained of pain before. She died Jan. 17th, 2008. But nothing was wrong with her."
"I would not recommend this dr.s office. The staff was rude and unprofessional. My son and I waited an hour and a half to be seen and after one hour I asked to speak with the office manager, lynda. Lynda was extremely rude and told me that we would just have to continue waiting and if I didn't like it I could leave. I was totally shocked by the disrespect  towards their patients!  No to this office!"
my haira re falling day by day and r ggetting thiner day by day i need help\n
"NO! Dr. Heiman was extremely rude, insulting, & refused to properly examine my worsening injury. I'd previously been misdiagnosed by one of his coworkers. He blew off my complaints 2 wks after injury. I lost 4 wks of recovery & more damage to injury."
She is not very nice but is very good.
"Thank you Dr. Kwok for your time. Unfortunately, I'm pretty certain that he said 6cm but I will call the office to confirm. He actually called it a ""growth"". I have had unexplained weight loss in the past few months which is why he (GI) ordered the test. But I'm a very fit, healthy non-smoker so it's hard for me to believe the worst. He suggested that I see a pulmonologist next. Thx again."
"That is my point. Is it really asthma, or is it something else? Do you know any docs to refer me to in the NYC area?"
that was rude!!!!
"Then Dr. Have you ever lived with a person on prozac? I don't think so, for you would nit talk about meaningful?"
"Then riddle me this: I'm 5' 10"" and weighed about 150# until the dr took my ovaries. I eat no differently and my level of exercise is the same as it was previously. I now weigh around 260 and can lose no more than around 20#...then it comes back. If the only thing different is my lack of ovaries, how can that NOT be the cause? Also my thyroid is fine."
They knew and didn't warn me that death was within minutes or hours.
"They only give u 150 characters.... Guess I should of been clearer. A ""tick"", but not facial. My baby 8 mos. Seems like he may have a tick w/ his arm movements, but I don't know if it's just a weird baby thing he'll outgrow. For another reason he did have an MRI done on his brain @6 mos. Would that have shown something like that....tourettes syndrome? Wouldn't a Physical body tick b neurological?"
they wont give me EEG i tried
This answer is so vague!!!
This Doctor is rude Not very Knowledable  CANT REMBER WHAT HE SAYS FROM ONE APPOINTMENT TO THE OTHER HAS NO COMPASION  REALLY SHOWS NO INTEREST IN HELPING ANY ONE WASTE OF TIME AND mONEY DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE i DI D FIND A REAL NEUROLOGIST   eXTREMELY rUDE
This has nothing to do with previous health issues. This is about my boyfriend not me
This is completely untrue!!!!
"This is great information, but where is the research that corresponds with this statistic? I've heard different figures from different endos"
This is NOT my question. I dont know where it came from but I didnt ask it. Does Healthtap have bugs or hackers? Methinks yes.
thks...i do medical checkups and have a clean bill of health...just cant seem to gain weight....thks though
Thnx. Keep your advice. .
thxs but don't you mean neuroligosts? i have tumors neurofibromotiosis is all anout tumors everywhere
tks doctor but why he lost weight?
to bad you just ASSumed i planned on smoking it. there are natural meds out there that have little or no ill side effects. ps i took celebrex for several weeks and i had great results until bleeding and stomach issues cropped up. now i have pain and swelling to the point were i have a difficult time doing my job. thanks for the help medical field.
Too much stroking without lube.
tried all of that-no luck:{
U didn't answer the question.
U gave bad advice. R u a real doc!
"U wasn't as expressive as needed, but my son seems to rub his eyes when he goes outside... Thanks for answering my question"
"Unfortunately, I do not have health insurance or a PCP. Any other suggestions?"
Usually you are supposed to dispose most contacts after being worn longer than 2 weeks
"Very often docs charge my insurance & me for things they don't do or they use different codes to get more mula. Watch American Greed, Sir!"
Was searching online and it maybe carpal tunnel syndrome too
"We thought this doctor was a bit off. We sent our son to a few psychiatrists for his A.D.D. and trauma issues. Dr. Tsappis tries to be understanding, we do not doubt that. Yet, he quickly developed an exclusive relationship with our child that excluded us!! No way. We felt it was harming more than helping our son's treatment.  Ultimately, our son did not like his over-friendly demeanor. We found it unprofessional at best. He cut us out of the treatment process. We were not able to be in contact with him regarding our son's treatment. He switched doctors, he is happier now. Dr. Tsappis is quite medication-oriented and follows the time-is-money current school of psychopharmacology."
Well i am a female? And we are done having children!
Well I don't drink so that wouldn't be a cause.
well i wasalso wondering if you had any good masturbating tips ?
well ive actually just left school without any friends
"well,I'm not hyperventilating and usually it happens when I'm resting,it doesn't seem to be a pattern anyway.Thank you."
your answer need more explication
Your clavicle is dislocated or you have a rib out -good Chiro adjust. years of seeking a solution identical = the CORRECT reply *shocked*
"Your penis is probably feeling guilty about having sex with other women and risking infections or worse with your wife, so it is not getting hard to tell you to stop."