Dr Johnson-Foy is a genuine person who does what she does because she wants to help people. She is compassionate and knowledgeable. All she wants is for her patients to be well and she does everything her power to make that happen as soon as possible. She is an incredible person and that makes for an excellent doctor. She cares and you trust her because of it. 
Very thorough doctor with Great bedside manner and is always available.Wonderful doctor!!!
couldnt ask for a better doctor will fight till the jobs done to figure out anything thats wrong with you shes great
Thank you Dr Levitt you already know I thinka lot of u ! You are so knowledgeable and I appreciate you more than u know
"Adam was recommended by my internist of 20+ years. He is very personable and struck me as very knowledgeable in my first appointment with him this week. His entire practice seems to be very well respected especially with their affiliation with the Yale New Haven Hospital system through Bridgeport Hospital in Bridgeport, CT."
"Dr. Min's answer to my question about stenting was concise, well written and understandable to a layman/patient. I appreciate his knowledge and professionalism."
"I don't usually take medicine and rarely get sick. Dr. Michalski was the first Doctor to provide me with potential causes for my sudden change in behavior, memory lapses,  and fidgeting, that didn't immediately diagnosing me with Adult ADHD. Without me providing any family medical history, he was the first to confirm what I had been thinking the cause might be, due to the low weight and hyperactive thyroid presence in my mom."
Thanks for personal help you make me hopeful for pain relief in future
U are very knowledgeable and I appreciate u more than u know
"This doctor has great ideas for a variet of ailments, related to  musculature and skeletal issues....I wish he lived near ME!"
Dr Paramdeep Singh is a great anesthetist who patiently discussed my anesthesia plan when I was under his care. I recommend him highly.  Chuck 
"I have been going to this Dr Livingston for 3 years. I left because of a balance owed that insurance did not cover and after settling for a shoddy, nonchalant substitue I no doubt paid the fees and came back to the kindest, warmest and most attentive Dr. I have ever had. I am pregnant with our first child and its twins has been a challenge and it is vital to have a Dr you trust. I will never leave"
Dr. Novick is a fantastic doctor. I'm a very overprotective and worried mom and tend to ask the same questions repeatedly. He's always been very patient with me and very helpful. I only wish I lived closer so we could be his patients
Great Doctor
The best around!
A doctor that listens
Come back to Renton
Thank you Dr Hong
Great physician
Dr Hong is really good
Dr Mambalam and his Medical assistant Cynthia are the best
Very Professional
The Best doctor in Washington!
Keep up the great work
Thnk you!!!
Like his new Bellevue Office
Great Physician
dr hong is the best
Really Caring Doc
Love Dr. M
The Best doctor In Edmonds
I valued his opinions and medical suggestions
Liked his suggestions on creative ways to exersize. 
Nice Doctor
Dr Hong is a doctor that really cares
Best Pain Medicine Physician in Seattle
A doctor that acutally cares about his patients well being
Dr Mambalam always takes the time to listen to what i have to say
Great Staff
Love his personality
Keep up the good work!
Great Doctor
Thank you!
For general gynaecology issues. He performed my myomectomy and i recovered with no issues. GREAT Doctor knows what he is doing.
"If you want the best plastic surgeon, someone who is caring and very honest, then Dr Kress is the doctor for you.  I have been a patient of his now for 11 years and recommend him & his staff highly!!"
Dr. Irgau is wonderful! I was so nervous the day of my surgery and his touch and calm voice immediately relaxed me! He is very knowledgeable and one of the most caring and dedicated doctors I have met in my 8 years as an RN.
He is very good.
"He Saved my leg, what more can I say!!!"
Very Nice
The very best!
"He sat down and talked to me for 15 minutes and fixed a problem that I had for 2 years, I had talked to my primary care Dr and 8 visits to the ER, He is incredibly Knowledgeable &  right to the point while maintaining a very good bed side manner if you get my meaning, very easy to get along with. "
"I highly recommend Dr. Granville. She is Great, caring, on top of it all. \nGreat personality\nGreat Staff"
Very helpful doctor with great advice and accurate responsiveness. thank you doctor Alan!
Dr. Bettinger is wonderful. She diagnosed me with Pseudo-tumor cerebri. I was very scared . Dr. Bettinger worked very quickly to find a diagnoses and see to it I was well taken care of. She explained everything and recognized my concerns and was very understanding and reassuring. She immediately had me admitted in the hospital . She is Great I highly recommend her.
Great Guy!
His insight on current health trends is unique and valuable for healing.
"I agree with all of the other recommendations, Dr. Mambalam is really great."
Thank you for the help!
Dr. M is the Best!!!
will take care of you
takes care of you...
he will get you on your feet asap!
A very caring individual! 
Great
dedicated and knowledgeable
"He is a OUTSTANDING doctor, he will take his time to build a healthy relationship with you and help take care of your needs. I loved having him as my ob while pregnant with my daughter. He was wonderful."
"Dr. Cozzarelli possesses a host of strengths and skills that make her an ideal ophthalmologist. But what sets her above the rest is her empathy, dedication and a disarming sense of humor!\n"
Pathologist are among the brightest physicians and his answer was detailed and I am confident correct.
Best doctor ever. 
Best Doc in WA
Best Doctor
Come back to Renton!
Great doctor!
I love Dr. Mambalam
Best Pain Physician
Very down to earth doctor
Great Doctor
Very Nice Pain Doctor
I can see why Dr. Mambalam won the best of Western Washington - Best doctor last year 2012. He is really awesome!
Great doctor wish he still practiced down south
Dr. Mambalam is the best
Dr. Mambalam spent extra time to slowly explain things to me and this made me feel very comfortable.
Takes time to explain what's going in & answers questions well.
Dr. Mastrogiovanni is amazing.  She is the best doctor I have had since I moved.  I highly recommend her to anyone.
Dr Patel is wonderful. I see his brother as my PCP and he recommended me to see Dr N Patel as I needed some test done before going on a certain medication. Dr Patel was so accommodating. I recommend!!
Dr Patel is a great doctor. I have lived in Florida for about 12 years and I am so glad I finally found him. He is very thorough and caring!! His staff is also great!! I recommend!!
Quick reply
Her help on my IBS was timely and helpful.
"This is my first experience on this website, but Dr. Meislin explained more than my orthopedist after seeing him three times!"
Caring Person and Physician
"Dr. Fowler's advice and tips are thoughtful and compassionate. I trust her to work hard to provide real, tangible help to those she works with."
Awesome Doctor
My Favorite Doctor
Great Doctor!
I trust this doctor and enjoy office visits.  He has saved my life more than once.
He is very Genuine
Dr. Mambalam has really helped me manage my pain.
Great Doctor!
Best Pain Doctor in Western Washington!
World class doctor!
Dr. Mambalam always uses words that I can easily understand and I really appriecate that
"I agree, great doctor"
Dr. Mambalam is the best doctor in the seattle area!
Sincere doc
Very Knowledgable doctor
The only doctor that I would let inject my back
"Dr. Fowler, is an inspiring physician who thoroughly helps her patients. She is funny,charismatic and is overall a great human being!"
"Knowledgeable, experienced, sense of humor, great track record.  "
Dr. David  Sneid\n He was the only one out of 2 other sites about this question that answered me truthfully\nAnd right to the point which I like .
"I highly recommend this husband/wife team of medical doctors and their family practice on Jericho Turnpike in New Hyde Park!   They are professional, caring, and astute.  Took great precautionary measures which I truly appreciate.  Prepared us for my Father's eventual passing reviewing all options with our entire family, answering every question, and doing so in a caring and competent fashion. "
"I must commend you Dr. Nischal on your commitment to your patients.  Thanks for your kindness in caring for my parents through very difficult circumstances.   You and Archana are amazing doctors, and I applaud you!"
"Dr Lambe has been my doctor now for these three years. I started out seeing her for a trip to Ghana and now I bring my whole family . Worth the trip every time. Wise, kind and so smart. Makes me laugh too."
She is everything u could ask for in a doctor. I have been her patient since 2007… I highly recommend her to whomever I know.
I would recommed Dr. Namey to anyone with joint problems. I was misdiagnosed for several years. After one visit he discovered I have AS. Very smart and funny. I always enjoy my visits with him. 
Very Caring Physician
A doctor that really cares
"This pediatrician is an OD (Doctor of Osteopathy) and  never having seen one, I was iffy, to say the least. He proved to be one of the best pediatricians I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with, and I would not choose any other doctor for my sons. He is well qualified, very nice, very caring and GREAT with kids. They love ""Dr. Loney."" He is a great doctor, and his entire staff is great. "
Nice Doctor
Dr Mambalm is by far the best doctor that I have ever seen
Great Doctor!
"Great, relief, thank you!"
Very Caring Provider
I love Dr Mambalam
Great Doctor
Very Caring physician
Simple the best pain doctor out there
I trusted Dr Mambalam with my life and he heleped me reclaim it.
The most sincere doctor that I have ever dealt with
Dr Hong is very knowledgeable and explains in terms that I can understand
"Dr. Mambalam is a doctors that actually treats you like a person, not just a patient"
Dr. Shoemaker Responce time is immediately. with a sense of urgency that understands what could happen if urgent responses do not take place. Thank you so much. I ate some oranges 
Wonderful attention to detail and unmatched un bedside manner approach.
Eccelent- have had him for several years.
Dr. Martin is a very knowledgeable and truly caring physician. I feel like she truly understands and cares.
"Fantastic Doctor! Expansive, well-rounded knowledge, providing easy to understand answers."
"He is by far the best OBGYN that I have ever been to, he cares alot about his patients I would recommend him to anyone"
"He answered my question clearly,wisely ad supportively .he also advised me to proceed with my drs.health plans.highly recommend this dr. based on this question."
A doctor that really cares
Very Knowledgeable
Best Doc in WA
Thank you!
Nice Doctor
Great experience!
great doctor!
great doctor!
great doctor
"Dr Iinuma is of the most competent, compassionate  family physicians  in the LA area . Always thorough, ethical and of  the most compassionate medical giants in the field  of medicine. He is  the ""go to"" doc to count on  for wellness :)"
"Dr. Walker is an ethical, talented surgeon who takes the time to recommend practical, realistic solutions that will correct or enhance one's appearance . He is meticulous, talented and conscientious. The upper echelon of his medical  expertise !"
Very conscientious and really caring. He is not condescending and wants to help you understand and does it in a clear way.
"Dr. Kelly has been helpful, patient, and understanding. I went to her to just get proactive health monitoring but very soon thereafter suffered a number of significant health setbacks and she has been a tremendous help throughout the process."
"Provides really great and detailed answers, with information beyond the questions that really helps me to understand the problem. Thanks!"
I think! he is a very good doctor an answer very clear on questiong on pations.
"I highly recommend Dr. Walker for cosmetic surgery. I actually had my procedure done over 7 years ago. I decided to do a full tummy tuck with lipo and breast augmentation. His genuine concern for his patients was what made me feel comfortable with him. I did both procedures with him, on different dates, and have never regretted that decision.  From his professionalism, to his post surgery follow ups, Dr. Walker always made me feel at ease. He takes pride in his work and that is evident with the minimal scarring I had after the procedures. I highly recommended Dr. Walker to friends and family. I had my sister and a few friends go see him and they also got their procedures done with them. I will be going back to him when it is time to replace my implants."
This doctor by far is the best doctor I have been to. Takes the time to listen. Doesn't make you feel rushed. Very heartfelt doctor. Very good at taking care of what needs to be taken care of in a very timely manner. Very thankful for Dr. Anderson. She has been a lifesaver not once but twice with me.
Down to earth and knowledgable. He is good at answering calls. Pleased to have found him. 
Would Highly recommend.
Dr Vazquez  is the kindest caring doctor I've ever met. He will take as long as you need to at the appointment  to answer your question and not chase you out when the  15 min is up. He will find you doctors that can help you that day. Best nurses
Good suggession i think..
"Dr. Simnad is the best neurologist around to specialize in MS! I saw 5 docs before finding her and have been seeing her for 3 years. She is honest yet compassionate, and I highly suggest her to anyone I meet with MS!"
The most amazing pediatrician we could have asked for. Dr. Jill frequently goes above and beyond for our daughter when needed and always takes the time to respond to our emails. Very knowledgeable and our daughter loves her visits with Dr. Jill!
Caring \n\nAttention to detail
Very particular and straight to the point.  Exactly how all Dr's should be!
"Very understanding , very caring , very flexible , generally a great doctor! Would recommend very highly"
"Dr. Warner is the most caring, smart, compassionate doctor I Have ever been to. "
Dr.Jones and his office staff are all thoughtful  and caring and tell it like it is
Highly!
Shes a wonderful doctor!!
Good doc. He has helped my family a lot.
"Caring, great bedside manner, expert surgeon. Highly recommend!"
"This Dr. Has been a complete savior since my childhood. Now that I am a mom, my daughter ENJOYS Dr. Appts. Personable, caring, knowledgable, and all around great Dr."
Very clear answers and very knowledgeable.
Is a great doctor who can handle every person at any age and any family with a wide range of knowledge and care.
If this is right dr frm overton i would highly recommend
"Thanks for being you,at least i will sleep tonight"
"Wonderful, caring and honest . My favorite Dr."
"Wow,She deserves higher than 9.9 score.Truthful straight from the answers"
"Dr. Brak is a skilled physician who takes the time to understand her patients and their needs. Although she works in a very busy practice, I never feel rushed and she has accommodated me at the last minute for urgent issues. I highly recommend her!"
Brilliant ophthalmologist  whose insights extend beyond mere earthly concerns. His insights are amazing!
"Friendly, sympathetic, knowledgeable, caring."
"Best doctor ever.  Knowledgeable, open to discussion, willing to try different approaches, listens well and has an amazing memory, always personable."
"He is knowledgeable, always in a good mood, listens to me, takes time to explain, and an all around friendly guy."
"I would recommend Dr. Simon Kimm because he's caring, considerate, he doesn't talk down to you, and he thinks outside the box to find the best answers to help you."
Very good doctor
Great gynecologist
Very friendly and knowledgeable doctor.
"I have been dealing with Dr. Hata for several years, I always go back when needed."
She's really good at what she does and she is caring..
He's a great Dr.
Very helpful and quick reply.
"Highly competent, very caring, really listens; Dr. Lamvu is the greatest gyn I have ever encountered."
"One of the most caring, trustworthy, and competent physicians I have ever known."
I am impressed by Dr. Maes' body of knowledge covering so many areas of medicine. I wish I could have a doctor like her for my own (or my family's) medical care.
He is very attentive and thorough. He took the time to talk to me before examining me and that made me feel very comfortable.
"Dr Whalen has been my hematologist for 10 years. He takes time with me, explains things to me and really cares about his patients. He has saved my life. I think he is the best and I wish more doctors were like him."
"Dr. Rosen is my breast cancer surgeon. I have known him for two years now, and I have never known a more knowledgeable, dedicated and caring physician. He has always respected my particular needs as a patient, explains everything clearly, answers all of my questions and treats me like an integral part of my healthcare team. Simply the best!"
I switched to Dr. Reiss after feeling I was being neglected by my prior OB/GYN. What a difference!
A very knowledgable and caring doctor. He spent a great amount of time explaining my condition to me. Great bedside manner. I highly recommend him.
"Thank you for your helpful, clear answers!"
"Dr. Kalt has been my Ophthalmologist  for several years and I couldn't be happier.  He performed cataract sugery on both eyes, and I have never seen better.  He is always available to talk, to listen, and always looking for innovative ways to improve on eye health care.  I would recommend him (and do!) to everyone in need!"
thank you for a quick answer
"Great doctor! Very helpful, knowledgeable, and caring"
"Dr. Lowe is awesome in every way! He is our 18 year old daughter's hero. Her JA went under treated for more than 5 years leading to joint contractures and daily pain/suffering. Dr. Lowe immediately recognized the need for aggressive treatment to secure the chance of a brighter future for her. He also recognized and help diagnose her immune deficiency. He's brilliant, approachable, and kind."
"I highly recommend Dr. Aurbach for both his expertise and his professionalism.  He has a way of making you feel at ease during your treatment, and keeps you tuned in to what is going on throughout the process.  He has been able to successfully resolve all of my dental issues, with minimal pain.  You will know from the moment that you meet him that you are in good hands."
"There are simply no words to describe Dr. Hobar.  His intense talent and skills lend to ""outstanding"" results. Further, Dr. Hobar's costs are insanely afford. staff are ""incredible"" and his office is luxurious. Dr. Hobar IS the best in DFW."
"I have been seeing Dr. Gabriel for many, many years. He is highly knowledge and  highly competent. He is a great listener and will always take his time with each of his patients. He is kind, compassionate, and flexible. I HIGHLY  recommend him."
Very professional. Has a nice bed side manner.
The best doctor in pyschiatry!! Always gives good explanation to the required point!!!
The most admirable quality about Excel Laser Vision was their lack of pressure on my decision to undergo the LASIK procedure. They really displayed true character in their concern and care for their patients. They were there to offer me support and answers to my questions. I felt so comfortable in the quality of service they provided that I did not hesitate to have the procedure to correct my eyes
Thank you for your expertise!! You are very caring! I had an awesome experience! I am very happy with everything!
"Outstanding surgeon. Dr. Gitelis is very gracious and spent a great deal of time with me, both before and after my surgery, to explain the procedure in detail and address all of my questions. He has outstanding credentials and I feel fortunate to have had him perform my procedure. I expect to be distance biking again by early summer."
Irregular menstrual period treatment
"Has been my GP for the past year. Very helpful, would recommend"
New doctor at north hills. So far I like her. Quick responses to any questions and more thorough than others.
Performed procedure on face to remove malignant melanoma Excellent results..
Dr.Chauhdry is an amazing man! He delivered two of my boys and made me feel comfortable every step of the way!  His office staff are great- thanks for everything Doc!:) 
Dr. Fuller is a wonderful doctor. I would recommend anyone to go to him. He goes above and beyond to make you feel better. He takes his time and listen to the problems I am having. Dr. Fuller is by far the best doctor I have ever had. I just found out he has left the practice he was at and I hope that he can be my Dr wherever he ends up at next. 
I would recommend Dr. Heath 100%. He is very caring and knowledgeable and went above and beyond my expectations. It took my husband and I longer than planned to get pregnant and Dr. Heath helped us make sure everything was okay and I truly knew that he cared about us and wanted to do everything he could to help us grow our family. I trust him completely with our care and trust his experience.
I need to know how to get rid of this redness on my right leg.
"Dr. Chauhdry is an incredible doctor, I would recommended him highly to everyone. My husband and I tried to conceive for over 4 years, without him and his staff at Women's health of WNY, I do not think I would be a mother today! Thanks Doc! :)"
Thank you for your quick response on the cost of a ganglion cyst removal. Not being qualified for state medical and unable to afford insurance privately knowing the cost will help me to better prepare financially for a procedure.
"This is THE doctor you want in your corner for primary care and for managing a health crisis.  We have experienced both.  He is knowledgeable, caring, analytical, communicative, and accessible, He is well read and remains current on medical literature and scientific publications.  He will discuss your health profile and treatment protocol in as much or as little detail as you wish. "
Excellent & quick response
She's good.
A kind and understanding physician whose expertise is Transformation medicine.
"Dr. Nanda is fantastic! I wish he had not transferred elsewhere. He is very caring, compassionate and thorough. I hope and pray that he will continue to help / guide me as best as possible thru this medium. I highly recommend him. God bless you, sir."
Dr. Russak has been our family doctor for 8 years and we are in great health because of his diligence in catching problems before they get away from us. Great doctor!
"I highly recommend, has done surgeries on my back, his staff is fantastic willing to work you, as well as dr. Altenau"
Thanks for the quick reply! It really help me out!
Are you really him?
Highly recommend.  
"Dr. Ciaglia answered my question concerning an ongoing hand issue I have. Because of him, I have decided to finally get surgery. Thanks"
Dr Hansen Has Been My Sons Doc FOr 15 Yes And Is OUTSTANDING. He Listens To Me About My SoN And Takes As Much Time As We Need. This Is Extremely important As My Son is severly handicapped
"You answered my question right away. Thank you! I already gave five stars in ratings with my comment, but I don't mind repeating it because it's true. Thank you again."
He'll help u with a second opinion. Which we like that very much so. Thanks
Dr Heinze is amazing!  He has been taking care of my family for almost 20 years. Wonderful bedside manner and he really cares for his patients as people not just a number. You get his full attention when you are  his patient.
Dr. Den replied very quickly-I appreciate that so much-even had a chart that I was able to view. 
"Her answers are always precise, understandable and straight to the point.\nHer answer to my hbv question not only was quick, but virtually saved my life.\nThank you Dr Yen..."
Dr Cosijns is fantastic. She listens to your issues and attempts to get to the source of the issue. She is willing to think outside the box and look at remedies other doctors would dismiss.
"Dr. Namey is an excellent doctor. He has made a huge difference in the quality of my health and my life. I highly recommend him due to his knowledge, the time he spends with his patients, and his interest in helping patients understand the causes of their medical problems and what to do about them. He was recommended to me by one of his patients and I would recommend him to anyone who has ankylosing spondylitis or arthritics."
"Dr. Kaylors takes the time to understand all aspects of your problems, not just the physical."
"We had a horrible experience with Dr Jacome.  After reading the recent reviews I can see that his reputation has become tainted in the past few years.  We were a new patient having our first child and were assured by his staff that he would spend extra time with us, and answer any and all questions.  However we met with his nurse and ultrasound technician for the first 3 visits.  They made numerou"
Thorough treatment. Great manner.
Love him!
Great doctor!!!!!
Excellent. Caring doctor.
"Dr. James is an absolutely amazing Doctor.  She is a true partner in my health, and motivates me to make the changes necessary to live a happy, balanced life."
"My husband is a patient of Dr. Patel whom comes highly recommended by him.  He is very caring and       knowledgeable, with a great personality.  He always makes you feel confortable and  takes time to listen to your concerns and issues."
"My experience at Lithia Smiles was fantastic!  After less than a ten minute wait I was taken back for a cleaning and thorough check-up.  The entire staff was extremely friendly and Dr. Milne was very professional, personable and listened to any concern that I had. She took her time and did a excellent  job!  This was most definitely my best dentist visit to date. "
Best Cardiologist in Ponce Puerto Rico
I didn't work the thing right on the page and didn't give Dr.Kline the 100% Doc Score and a huge thank you for his thorough and quick response to my concern that I wanted to! Dr Kline you are wonderful! God Bless you and thank you for your work!
"Seems compassionate through his answer. Actually answered my question. most do not answer, they just say ""ask your doctor"". This app is supposed to get us answers from professionals. I recommend Dr. Adigopula!"
"Great calm, friendly demeanor. Extremely knowledgeable. Listens and partners with you for a treatment that works for you."
"After not being able to walk for 4 plus years Dr Kim performed a total knee replacement after others refused to , he gave me my life back. I would recommend Dr Kim to everyone ,I would insist they see him. Thank you Dr Kim ."
I was a Patient of Dr. Sherer for many years. I would highly recommend him to anyone at any time.
A very apt and balanced diagnosis for my question
"Dr. Kalt performed my cataract surgery over 7 years ago and I still see perfectly without glasses! He has also performed LASIK or Cataract Surgery on many other friends and relatives, all of whom are extremely happy with their vision and the personalized care they have received. "
Dr. Kalt has been my doctor for years and I am and have always been very satisfied with him.
Excellent!!!
Shes great
She is a fantastic and knowledgeable rheumatologist.
"Love, love, love Dr. Spinner! I had been to numerous other neurologists for migraines and my search finally ended about a year ago when I decided to see/try Dr. Spinner. He's caring, compassionate, knowledgeable, and takes his time to discuss any questions or concerns you may have. I would recommend him in a heartbeat! "
Very patience
"Dr. Hutchman is my neurologist for my Parkinson's Disease.  He is absolutely the tops in my opinion.  His extremely caring demeanor shows up in every consultation.  His expertise is superior.  I truly appreciate his dedication to his patients.  Also, the others in his office , Pepper and Michael, are outstanding, as well.  I highly recommend Dr. Hutchman to anyone in need of the best Neurologist and associates. SJ"
Words were blurry even with my glasses on. Now after my LASIK procedure everything is so much clearer! I can see so much better now! Thanks!
"Dr. Carr is one of the best doctor's I have had in my life.  I was with Dr. Carr for about 10 years before I moved out of state to further my career.  Dr. Carr continued to see me when I came into town and has always been there to help.  He ALWAYS listened to me, how I was feeling, all my MANY symptoms and there wasn't one time where I didn't feel his compassion.  GREAT DOC AND SEVERELY MISSED!!!!"
Good physician
"Dr. Hutchman is a kind, compassionate doctor specializing in the treatment if Parkinsons.  My brother-in-law was his patient.  He was very kind in helping treat him and taking the time to explain to me how Parkinsons progresses and can be treated."
Dr. Hutchman has an excellent bedside manner. He takes the time to listen to his patients and the concerns of their caregivers. He is very knowledgeable about Parkinson's Disease and has an excellent way of explaining things to the layperson. \n
"Dr. Hutchman Is  My neurologist for my Parkinson's. He has gone above and beyond duty by coming into my webinars  at http://www.parkinsonmeetingroom.com  and spent up to two hours in the room answering questions for all my  Participants . Dr.Hutchman is definitely  dedicated and conscientious of his work he does in the Parkinson's community. , I highly recommend him."
If you need a good caring Doctor this is the doctor you would want in your life.  I was lucky that he was sent to me from the powerful heavens to lead me to good health and happiness! He should also be known as a doctor who has many talents and wisdom .  if you need a true Doctor and caring Doctor this Blessed Doctor is your choice. 
He is the best doc of his kind in the county
My husband and I can't say enough good things about Dr. Badman. He performed both shoulder joint replacements on my husband as well as a knee procedure.  My husband healed quickly and without complications during each surgery.  I appreciate all of the support he gave us. 
"Dr. Hutchman is a superb physician and an outstanding man. I proudly recommend Dr. Hutchman.  In the 10 years I have know him, his dedication and care are unmatched."
I'm a fan of this office!!  Usually I dread the dentist and try to avoid going.  The doctor here was very concerned with my needs and problems instead of trying to push un-needed treatment.  He spent lots of time with me and didn't rush.  Best of all I didnt feel a thing during my filling!!!  
Extremely compassionate and knowlegeable
"Excellent Doctor, Wish everyone could find a careing Doctor like him."
"Great doctor.very caring ,knowledgeable always spends me with his patients ."
Great doctor!
Was extremely knowledgeable. He confirmed my thoughts. Very polite. I wish I lived closer so I could see him :)
Great and caring Doctor
Wonderful Doctor can't say enough positive words about him.
Very Caring
Pleasent experience
very caring doctor
Great Person as well as physician
thank you for being such a great doctor!
thank you for the response
I have been been to a doctor that was as professional as dr. mambalam. He set up a great plan and we stuck to it.
One of the better doctors in all of Seattle
Dr Mambalam is Great!
I wouldn't see any other doctor for my pain
"I have observed a few doctors on this site using their assumed authority to provide wrongful information in order to discredit/put down other eyecare professions.  Dr. Cohen is not afraid to set the records straight!  He stands up against his colleagues to do what is right--providing accurate, unbiased, and to-the-point answers.  He is a valuable asset to this online community!"
Dr. Duell is awesome!!!
He is amazing very smart
"Dr.Cohn and her staff are amazing! I have been a patient for years and always receive  excellent care. Everyone from the receptionist to the staff are kind, considerate and very professional...her assistants are courteous and listen carefully as information regarding the visit is given. Dr.Cohn is very  thorough and takes the time to answer questions and explain the procedures....excellent care!"
"Dr.Cohn and her staff are amazing! I have been a patient for years and always receive  excellent care. Everyone from the receptionist to the staff are kind, considerate and very professional...her assistants are courteous and listen carefully as information regarding the visit is given. Dr.Cohn is very  thorough and takes the time to answer questions and explain the procedures....excellent care!"
"Dr.Cohn and her staff are amazing! I have been a patient for years and always receive  excellent care. Everyone from the receptionist to the staff are kind, considerate and very professional...her assistants are courteous and listen carefully as information regarding the visit is given. Dr.Cohn is very  thorough and takes the time to answer questions and explain the procedures....excellent care!"
An incredible doctor. Extremely caring and takes his time. Couldn't ask for a better pediatrician for my two boys. Would recommend to anyone looking for a pediatrician.
Great Doctor!
"I think he is a wonderful Doctor.  The best in the West. He fixed my neck. Wish I had him as my Doctor now to fix my lumbar issues. I  am  fearful of anyone else doing it, actually thought about changing my insurance plan to whatever his is."
Thank you again for saving me in 2002.
Best Doc Ever!
Best Doc Ever!
Fast replies
"I have never met a more passionate, caring or educated Dr. My children and I are more than a number when we are at her office. She spends time with each of us and makes sure we understand the issues we are dealing with."
I am big fan of DR Mohammad younus.A very professional & experience doctor.And a down to earth personality
Dr. Higgins is an excellent pediatrician! She was my docotor when I was born and is now my children's doctor. I would recommend her to anybody! She is very knowledgeable. She is good at dealing with very complicated cases like my son.
Great doc
"I had liposuction and a fat transfer to my buttocks performed less than three months ago.  I was reluctant to have this procedure done out of my area, but after meeting with Dr. Walker and the doctors in my area the choice was clear.  My results are amazing and the attention and service from Dr. Walker and the staff exceeded my expectations. I wouldn't think of going anywhere else."
Dr. Heath has been the most amazing doctor I have met! I recently had my son and I am very honored he could deliver him. I had a complicated pregnancy and he took such great care of my son and I.  He makes you feel important and not just some patient. I truly have grown to love him and his whole staff. He will deliver my next child for sure! I recommend him to all the women I know.
"Dr. Feldman is a real professional. When many other doctors wouldn't even want to see me, Dr. Feldman treats me like an old friend and lets me ask ALL of questions without rushing me out the door. I leave his office with straight forward answers but most of all - hope. Hope for the future help of my eyesight & the ability to one day restore some of my sight. A sincere thanks to Dr. B."
tottally recomended a cery caring doctor :) he's an angel...
Very upset when he left DHMC but he was my favorite (heart) Dr.
Ive been going to him since my son was.a.month old he is a wonderful Dr i highly recommend him to anyone
Prompt reply
Highly recommend
Great doctor highly recommend. 
Very helpful and insightful-if I didn't ask the question correctly he would simply ask me to rephrase it rather than ignoring it.  That was greatly appreciated!  
Our son did not like his over-friendly demeanor. We found it unprofessional. He cut us out of the treatment process. We were not able to be in contact with him regarding our son's treatment.
Dr. Shari M.Jackson was very prompt on answering my questions and was very helpful Thank you Dr Jackson 
Dr Micale listens to his patients and truly cares about them.   He is very knowledgable about IBS.  
Dr. Micale listens to his pat
"I highly recommend Dr.Namey to anyone with Rheumatoid arthritist, etc! I have a lot of medical conditions Lupus etc and he has done a great job helping me!! Thanks Dr.Namey"
"I don't know what I would do without Dr. Jeffers! He and his nurses are extremely knowledgeable, calm, nonjudgemental and warm."
"Amazing, she listens to concerns.  She doesn't pre judge.  She really helps push things along. As well as keeps me on track, since I have ADHD."
"I would highly recommend Dr. Heath to my family and friends.  He has always been receptive to my needs and supportive of my decisions throughout my pregnancy and through labor and delivery.  Not only is he an incredible doctor, the staff at CCIOWH is wonderful too! They have always been very friendly and helpful.  Again, I would recommend Dr. Heath with out hesitation! "
Dr. Hakimipour  is very knowledgeable and understanding.  My daughter had a 104 degrees fever and non of the registered nurses or doctors gave nearly as good as his advice which stopped my daughters fever immediately. I recommend him to everyone.
"Good and wise advice,i highly recommend Dr. Martin Raff for his safe advice."
"She cares about her patient health. She does not treat us like another number. She listens attentively, determines a plan of action for our health, and does everything she can to be there for her patients."
Very Good Doctor
Amazing doctor. I recommend her to of my family / friends whenever they talk about having problems with their doctors  or if they are looking for a new one. I'm grateful to have her as my PCP.
Thank you for your quick reply and your knowledge. From what I read you are a awesome Dr. Thank u again
chez is nice and her answers are helpful 
"From the first consultation I met Dr. Walker through my follow up visits he has been  very patient, knowledgeable, helpful and kind. I have a huge fear of needles and anxiety when it came to the thought of needles. He was extremely kind and encouraging through each phase from getting my blood drawn, having the IV put in, taking the stitches out,  and every step of the way in recovery so far. I had been thinking of breast augmentation since high school as I felt I had never filled out. 12 years later I finally made the decision and I am so glad that Dr. Walker was the one to help me through this process. Having his cell phone number for immediate contact if I ever need it, prompt appointments, and helpful guidance. It's two weeks after surgery and I'm healing nicely. I definitely recommend Dr. Walker to anyone who is considering breast augmentation.  I will go back to Dr. Walker for other procedures that I decide on in the future."
"I went to several Doctors for consultations on Breast Enhancement. My husband and I felt very comfortable with Dr. Walker immediately,he was very informative,kind, and professional.  Surgery was quick and flawless. His after care was very thorough,and comforting. And the end results are better than I could hope for! We are very with Dr. Walker and his work! We highly recommend him!!  Donna G"
"I went to several Doctors for consultations on Breast Enhancement. My husband and I felt very comfortable with Dr. Walker immediately,he was very informative,kind, and professional.  Surgery was quick and flawless. His after care was very thorough,and comforting. And the end results are better than I could hope for! We are very with Dr. Walker and his work! We highly recommend him!!  Donna G"
Very informative and positive. If you need an answer with an easy explanation please contact dr. Dugan. 
"Dr. Florence delivered both of my children, she is a wonderful Dr. as well as a wonderful person.  I was very happy with her and if I ever had another child I would seek her out. "
He is wonderful!! My heel pain is gone !!!
Absolutely great Doctor with a fantastic bedside manner
Great doctor for hormone replacement and anti-aging medicine
Thank you for your quick response.
Dr. Khorsandi is a fabulous doctor.  I am so happy with my breast size and shape.  I'm glad I chose VIP Plastic Surgery for my care.
"Dr. Russo is an amazing doctor that has helped me so much. He identified I had a sleep disorder after seeing at least 15 doctors in the past who thought I was just complaining about my fatigue and constant sleepiness. I think Dr. Russo is such an amazing doctor! If you have concerns about any neurological issues, he is the one to go to. He also has his own practice now in Honolulu called Pacific Sleep Tech.  His staff are great also. He spends a long time with you and hears you out and tries to help you in any way he can. A+++ "
"Dr. Savant is a very knowledgeable and caring physician. He's very patient and a great listener as well as being great at providing sound advise regarding lifestyle, diet, etc. to improve your health and overall condition.   "
Dr Carroll is the most genuine and caring physician I have ever known. I am privileged to be her patient. She gives you every reason to believe that she has your best interest at heart and I trust her judgement 100%.
Very quick resonse. Very helpful info.
"Thank you, Dr. Coats.  With PT, chiropractic, MRI, and a unsuccessful steroid shot, you have answered my question better than any of the med. profession."
"Dr. Fuchs is an amazing doctor! I had my daughter 9 months ago, and he was awesome in the hospital answering all my questions. He is genuinely concerned with each patient, I have never felt rushed. And he doesn't push to medicate the baby, he only prescribes something if it really is necessary, not just because he can (like some drug happy doctors). He supports breast feeding, and is just awesome!"
I'm still around thanks to you still on revlimid an taking transfusions  only occasionally.  My e mail is art.nelson@centurytel.net I would like to hear from you.
"Dr. Petty is very kind and sweet to his patients. He was great with my husband and me. If I ever have to have another surgery in Quincy, He will be the surgeon I choose. He is amazing and he is very good at keeping his patients calm and explaining every step of what he is going to do! No surprises or wondering what's gonna happen! He's just a great doctor to have! All around nice guy!! Thanks Doc!"
"Highly capable, kind, patient, and trustworthy periodontist. Dr. Wunsch allayed my fears and earned my trust.  I did not feel that I was pushed into unnecessary procedures.  Any procedure that Dr. Wunsch deemed necessary was kindly explained to me in detail.  Dr. Wunsch also explained why it was the most cost effective, yet necessary method.  In fact, Dr. Wunsch spared me an unnecessary gum graft. "
"Highly capable, kind, patient, and trustworthy periodontist. Dr. Wunsch allayed my fears and earned my trust.  I did not feel that I was pushed into unnecessary procedures.  Any procedure that Dr. Wunsch deemed necessary was kindly explained to me in detail.  Dr. Wunsch also explained why it was the most cost effective, yet necessary method.  In fact, Dr. Wunsch spared me an unnecessary gum graft."
"Knowledgeable, stays informed and.passes on new information. Willing to.work.with the patient for max results when new issues arise. Takes time to discuss any questions u.have."
"This Doctor, is the  Best well Knowledge professional, I Know in my 34 years of Life.  He Is a dedicated and excellent doctor, with a magnificent good personality. And also a caring person."
If you need a Colorectal  surgeon to actually listen & truly  care  then. She's the one. She knows what she's doing . She treats you like a person.  She's above & beyond  but yet still humble.  Dedicated to her patients & the call on her life.
"Dr. Woodward is an extremely knowledgeable, skilled and caring professional. His dedication to his patients and field is second to none. He has a very calming bedside manner and treats his patients with the upmost respect. Excellent specialist."
Dr. Cohen is extremely knowledgable and competent as demonstrated by his accomplishments and commitment to his field. I highly recommend him if you live in the metro-NY area.
"Thank you so much you where excatly right with your diagoses with my problem, it took me three doctors after you to get them to treat and diagonse me but not before I ended up with an abcess from the fistula, im having surgery in a few days to fix the problem. Once again thank you so much your wonderful."
I don't think I would be alive if it hadn't been for Dr. Webster.  She led me through the toughest time of my life and I've come out on the other side healthy and staying that way.  She is the absolute best.  I am so fortunate to have her for my Dr. and I absolutely cannot thank her enough.
"i've been trying out new dentists since i just moved, A co-worker recomended Dr G and was very happy to find their office.  They were very genuine and made me feel at ease.  "
"As my Primary Care Physician, Dr. Riganotti has proven himself to be extremely caring and compassionate for his patients. He goes the extra mile to make any topic of conversation something to smile about, assuring me that he will take care of me. I am blessed to have him as my physician!"
Thank you for your time and your knowledge...  you are a wonderful person.
The staff was super.  Dr. Blyer was always available.  He listened to me and addressed my concerns. He even made himself available on a Saturday to see me.
The staff was super.  Dr. Blyer was always available.  He listened to me and addressed my concerns. He even made himself available on a Saturday to see me.
"He has common sense, ethics, and intelligence. Dr Sparacino treated me and my son, Brian.He was  primary pcp. I worked at Scott AFB. IMA,Reservist In Medical Logistics. I was a JACHO\nand Medical Contracts auditor. \n\nMajor Bennie Jones,,USAFR.. MSC.,RT.RN, Webster University, Ma in Management.Jewish College\nSouthwest Texas University,MAEd, Reading, and Case Manager for Emotional Disturbed Children\n"
"Best  Family Dr. I have ever had. And i have been threw a few of them, in a couple different states."
Best doctor in my opinion and i wish i could meet him
Very good doctor
"Excellent doc with sound and sage advice. Listens to patient concerns, encourages questions, and advocates collaborative approach to finding best solution. Would highly recommend."
"this doctor was very helpful ,professional,with quick precise answers"
"Very good Dr., he takes the time to listen.  Explains things where you have a better understanding."
"A very sweet, caring man. Knowledgeabke and very approachable."
"Dr Jacobsen is a true gem. A great listener and truly compassionate and concerned about his patients. He listened to my history of chronic pain due to injury and cancer surgery, came up with a diagnosis that appears to be spot on, and set up treatment that has given me relief I never thought I would see again. Just a miracle worker!"
"Dr Shindo is an amazing surgeon. She treated my thyroid cancer which had spread to my lymph nodes, was very clear about what she was doing and why, and has given excellent follow care now almost 4 years post surgery. I firmly believe that her methods, research, education, and expertise are the reason I have had such a good recovery with no recurrence. Nothing but praise and love for the job she does and the effort and heart she puts into it every day."
"Dr. Brandemihl is a very good and thorough psychiatrist. He is the most caring and easy to talk to doctor I've ever had. He is soft spoken so if you have hearing loss you may have trouble hearing him even though he is not sitting far away from you in the room. He is kind, compassionate and knowledgeable. I highly recommend him. I will be sad to have to find a new doctor when we move away soon."
"Dr. Gene Huebner is the best ob/gyn I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.  He is very knowledgeable, personable, calming and will answer every and all questions you may have.  He spends a lot of time with his patients.  His bedside manner is fabulous.  He has a great sense of humor and talks with such a gentle voice.  I feel completely comfortable and am always able to ask any question I may need answered.  He always complies.  I highly recommend Dr. Gene Huebner.  I am so glad I found such a valuable doctor. "
Great dentist! dr Chin has been my dentist for 30 years and my whole family as well.
"Dr. Salem is not only an incredibly talented doctor, & an excellent communicator, but he truly cares about his patients. He's up to date on the latest medical thinking, takes the time to explain your medical issues/treatment plan & address any questions/concerns. Dr. Salem stands out because he always listens to what his patients have to say. What more could you ask for?"
Thank you so much for taking the time to answer questions online. You're so greatly admired.
"Great staff after their changes, and Audrey, P.A. is wonderful"
Dr. Watkins is my family doctor. He diagnosed me with blood clots in my lungs when a previous doctor thought it was simply asthma even though I had no real asthma symptoms. My doctor is very intuitive and careful in his diagnostics. I will be sad to have to find a new doctor when I move across the country soon. I highly recommend Dr. Watkins and his staff.
EXCELENTE....
"Amazing, caring and extremely competent doctor!  I would recommend Dr. Chin to anyone with fertility issues.  He and his staff are the best at what they do."
I have been a patient of Dr. Leibowitz for several years now. I must say he is without a doubt one of the best. He is compassionate and understanding. An expert in his field will put you at ease to have the confidence he is not just any doctor.
"Dr. Fulenwider. Placed a Gore, Excluder stint in my aorta  last week. This  was the easiest operation I have ever gone thru. Very professional, and he explained every thing beforehand, so there were no surprises. He also comunicated with my wife during and after the procedure which helped a lot.Good doctor!"
Best all-around pediatrician we have ever had!
"The office is immaculately clean and has a nice calming atmosphere.  And while I've only done non-surgical treatments there, I'd definitely trust him with my face if I were to do anything more invasive.  I've also done my research and it's clear he's well educated and very respected in the community."
"I have been seeing Dr Weiss or several years and I find him easy to talk with, and a caring and concerned Dr. "
"I have been seeing Dr Weiss or several years and I find him easy to talk with, and a caring and concerned Dr. "
Great Doctor and a Great Personality what else could you ask for. i highly recommend Dr. Kevin Olson
Dr. Hoffer is a very fine doctor!!! I have been his patient for about 10 years now and I am very satisfied with him.
"With all the Ob/Gyns I've seen over the years, he's the best! Humorous. Knowledgeable. And had 7 c-sections with him doing my last, was getting up in semi truck 5days postpartum. Awesome recovery. Ty, Dr. Seeber!"
He understands patients problems and gives good advices
"Dr. Jean met me in the ER when I had fallen and fractured some bones in my face.  He was highly professional, thorough, and compassionate.  A few days after my fall, I developed a minor setback and called Dr. Jean's office. To my amazement, Dr. Jean suggested I come in to his office immediately.  I was barely there 5 minutes when he walked in and addressed my issue.  Dr Jean handled the issue quickly and adeptly.  He gave me more than enough time to answer all of my questions and made me feel comfortable to call again if I had the need.  Not to be forgotten, Annie, in the front office was kind and on top of all issues as well. She called me almost daily to make sure I was progressing, and made it clear that I was to call back at any time if needed.  I would highly recommend this practice.  In the future, I will go nowhere else."
"This doctor is the  epitome of an old fashioned Norman Rockwell type doctor with an innovative,  well researched approach to medicine. As a psychologist, I feel this doctor is a genius in his field. He will research endlessly to diagnose your ailmen."
Well trained surgeon.   
Amazing Doctor!
"Dr Stoenescu zeroed in on exactly what my heart problem was when other doctors weren't able to do so.  A few days later he did an ablation specific to my problem and Voila! I was better!  He is kind, compassionate, patient and precise."
nice answer to a great question
responded fast and informative
Dr. Alexander is the most caring doctor I have ever seen!
Dr. Joe is amazing! My son is 12 weeks old and has been going to him since he was born. He is very knowledgeable and makes being a new Mom less stressful with his answers and advice!
Dr. Joe is absolutely amazing! We have been seeing him since we moved to the area in 2007. He genuinely cares about my three children and continues to go above and beyond for them. I have never met a doctor who loves his patients like Dr. Joe does!
"Many doctors simply go with the generic answers such as the definition of the problem at hand and a ""see your doctor"" recommendation. Not this guy. Very knowledgable and gives very detailed answers with possibilities and extremities of the problem."
He gives out good accurate information that people need 
"Dr. Wingo has been wonderful for my heart health care. He works very well with my main doctor and other specialists and communicates with me in a plain, no-nonsense manner."
Doctor Burke is one of the finest  physicians I have had the opportunity to know and to have as my oncologist.  He is extremely competent and has the bedside manner second to none!  His ratings go way beyond a number.  
Prompt answer and good advice :)
the answer to my question was upto mark and may help my mom
"I want to thank you for performing replacement surgery on my right shoulder. Since ‘67 when I dislocated it playing football I had been in constant pain. I can go about my everyday life and I’m pain free. I like to hunt-it had always been a problem carrying my deer and turkey gun-Because of the surgery, turkey and deer hunting is much easier! It’s all good thanks to Dr. Arntz.\nMike Schulte"
This doctor is the best.  Dr. Sabb injected my shoulder with US gidance.  I did not feel it at all!  My shoulder was better in seconds!  I had not felt that good since before playing football at the University of Michigan.
I am a patient of Dr. Renee Burke. I had breast reduction surgery at the end of December 2012.  Dr. Burke is among the most caring and compassionate physicians I have ever had. She took time to answer all my questions thoroughly and made sure I understood everything about the procedure. I have never felt rushed. She takes the time to get to know you as a person.  I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Burke!
"The. Best.Doctor. He is smart, caring, funny, and above all, a wonderful doctor who, I think, could handle any problem i have in addition to my Psoriatic Arthritis.  He diagnosed me, got me on meds, and I've been on the upswing ever since. Highly recommend!"
"Dr. Moor is a terrific doc!  Over the past five years I have seen him for my shoulder, knee and wrist.  I attribute all parts working great and feeling good to him.  I've recommended him my mom and neighbor.  Some friends on my league go to him too.  I love this guy!"
Dr. Williams and his staff were absolutely great!Dr.Williams took good care of me and my baby girl from the first day i stepped in his office till the day i left the hospital after i gave birth.I had a c-section and the scar is barely noticeable. My experience was really good and i wouldn't think about it twice to go back to him for my future pregnancy.
"Most caring  Dr ever! Takes time to listen. Might have to wait a while , but it's worth it... Never feel as  if  you are being rushed!!! If you need an hour, he takes it.  Never looks at the time, just truly listens and cares!  Staff  isn't great."
Orthopedic Surgeon Dr. Ryan Pitts has excellent bedside manner and support staff. I am extremely happy with my results. If a friend or family member needs a St Louis Orthopedic Surgeon I highly recommend Dr. Pitts at Metropolitan Orthopedics.
"Dr. Heath has been my doctor for 3 yrs & one of the biggest things that I have appreciated is that Dr. Heath has always made sure to give me options, explain what each option entailed as well as the risks and benifits & gave me the opprotunity to choose for myself without pushing me.  I always felt that I took precedence by the attentiveness and concern he & his staff showed me with every visit.  "
Dr. Gary Nack and his staff are warm and welcoming.  From the moment you enter his office you are made to feel at ease.  Their professionalism is unsurpassed.  Dr. Nack uses cutting edge technologies and methods.  I would not dream of going anywhere else for my dental needs or those of my children.  
Dr. Gary Nack and his staff are warm and welcoming.  From the moment you enter his office you are made to feel at ease.  Their professionalism is unsurpassed.  Dr. Nack uses cutting edge technologies and methods.  I would not dream of going anywhere else for my dental needs or those of my children.  
"Dr. Holly used to practice in my area when I was a child; she took care of me! Now I'm a mom and, though she's not in my area anymore, I can tap her wisdom here.  She is very knowledgeable on many topics, from general pediatric illness to specific issues like SIDS, Autism, ADD, etc. I wish she were near me to care for my kid like she cared for me when I was young; families in Danville are lucky!"
"I highly recommend Dr. Thaik, she is worth the drive to see her if you don't live in the area. She is very kind, caring and knowledgeable!"
I fully recommend this DR. He's the best very strait and very honest  he's a good man.  He fixed my aorta  without the really bad surg  he's just the greatest. I thank him very much
"Extremely caring, takes his time to understand patient needs, and works to resolve patients health issues. I always recommend Dr. N to my family, friends, & co-workers. I have complete & total trust in this Physician."
hi doc can u please reply my msg?
Thank you for your quick reply!
Straight to the point very helpful!
Keep up the good work doc! Thanks for saving lives every day.
Dr. Stern is a wonderful doctor.   It is  hard to get an appointment the same day in case of an emergency.
Promptly answered a concern that could have been critical and needed for me to consult my physician.  I am grateful for his expedient response. \n
Very informative advice.
Dr. Toor is very knowledgable!
Dr Klimenko is a fantastic doctor! She cares deeply about her patients. She has a lot of experience with homeopathy
Dr. Zehr is not only a doctor who is an excellent orthopaedic physician but he also very caring.  He listens to his patients and rush them in and out.  He goes over any tests and xrays with you and shows them to you on the computer.  He speaks to you in a language you can understand.  Many of my neighbors have gone to him and I mostly highly recommend him to other people.
Awesome doctor. All my kids love her so much. I've known dr. Ross  for 9 years now and been taking my kids to her   She's awesome
I was seen at dr. bariles office and I was very happy with her service and with the staff. They are wonderful and very caring. 
"Dr. Entin is very knowledgable , caring, highly recommended  psychiatrist. Not everyone gets his personality or humor right away but he is absolutely worth going to know. I cant imagine seeing a different psychiatrist."
Dr. Joe cares deeply about patient/parental participation in healthcare. This is continuously illustrated by his  commitment to  delivering best in class customer service and  unimpeachable medical advice. He will always be our pediatrician!
"Dr. McCutchan is a top-notch surgeon. Having been treated by him for a number of injuries, I find him the most knowledgeable, genuine, interested, caring and also funny doctor that I have seen for my host of problems. Since moving cities a couple years back, I still continue to drive over an hour to visit Dr. McCutchan, as no one else can compare. "
Thank you for your very helpfull answer ! 
"After waiting for years for the right time to have this surgery and doing months of research to find the right doctor, I believe I was meant to have Dr. Blyer perform my surgery.  His expertise and skill gave me the result I was looking for.  The staff was exceptional, very friendly, answered any and all questions, genuinely concerned with taking care of me.  The recovery suite was comfortable and a nice ""home away from home"" for the night."
"I am extremely pleased with my results.  The entire staff was so helpful and accommodating.  I felt very safe in Dr Blyer’s hands- he is an expert!  I have wanted to have this procedure done for years and it took so long for me to finally get the courage to go through with it.  Now, knowing how breezy recovery was and how great I feel now, I wish I'd have done it sooner!"
"I was glad to see Dr. Gelfand on Healthtap. He is a very, very skilled and knowledgable man in many areas of his profession, I would give him 5 stars anyday. He solved some very difficult health issues I came to him with that were unsolved when I first met with him, things that others were not able to solve. Thank you, Dr. Gelfand. ! You save my life! :-)"
"Dr. Roberts is very professional and knowledgeable....he talks with you - not at you - and is willing to address your questions/concerns.  His bedside manner is awesome; my daughter was anxious for her appointment, but he put her at ease with his quick and direct approach to assessing her condition.  He popped his head into the waiting room to assure families he would be with us shortly...great!!!"
Helpful answer to my question on ganglion cyst.
"Good Doctor, Good Staff."
"Dr. J was my first endocrinologist after being diagnosed with Type I Diabetes in 1990. He is not only  brilliant, but is caring and always listens to his patients. The only other endo I have seen is one that he recommended when I had to move."
very professional and knowledgeable specialist.
Good advice for my problem. So appreciative of your time!
Dr Annette Barnes is a very kind hearted and great doctor. She truly cares about each and every patient in her practice. She is very knowledgeable and does not push her own personal opinion on parents. One of the best pediatricians out there!
Good bedside manner.  Listens to your concerns
"This is one of the best doctors i have ever had.  Listens to you, helps you and saved . Life."
"Highly recommend to anyone with children that have adhd,  or other behavioral issues that may need to be addressed that are still undiagnosed. Has been a godsend for my family, I have a daughter with adhd and asburgers autism and a Son who's bipolar"
"For many years (since I was a child) Dr. Hedden was my doctor.  A few years ago when my insurance changed, I had to switch to another PCP.  \nI'm pleased that he is again MY doctor.  Dr. Hedden really makes you feel CARED FOR."
"I highly recommend Dr. Gage for his diagnostic ability, thoroughness,and caring personality."
Takes the time to fully listen and answer your questions. Very thorough.
Extensive response. Caring attitude. 
"Extremely knowledgeable in both western and eastern alternative modalities, listens therapeutically, offers multiple options for addressing clinical concerns, exceptionally personable"
Dr. Roteinstein has been caring for my 2 daughters for 16 years. I wouldnt go to anyone else.
Ditto to everything Kay said. Love from Kay and Judy
"Linda Gromko is a saint. She saved my life, on her day off visited me and my wife in the hospital for almost two hours. During checkups, she is usually with me for up to TWO HOURS addressing the WHOLE patient. She is especially a doll when it comes to TG patients. Her dedication and expertise are phenomenal. She is my doctor and my friend. She makes both my wife and I feel like we are the only patients she has - so special. Kay"
Great doctor!
Excellent general and Bariatric surgeon
"Dr. Mohai is one of the best Rheumatologist's in the Seattle area. I have under his care for 7 years now for RA. He puts the patients needs first, is a great listener and has a gentle and kind disposition. He is willing to try new therapies and never pushes the big drugs on his patients. He is a gem."
"Dr. Tomeu has cared for me throughout each of my pregnancies. He takes time to answer questions and review options and has always been available if an urgent situation arises. His bedside manner is calm and matter-of-fact, which my family and I appreciate. We trust his knowledge and opinion, and hope to always have him as our OB. Definitely recommended. On a side note, his staff is also very kind."
Great doc
Great Dr
"I would recommend Dr. Martinez to anyone looking for a physician/ pediatrician. My children and I have been seeing her for than 15 years. She's always helpful,kind,polite and understanding.Shell take her time to answer all your questions."
"Very good and helpful, answers most of my ""psych"" questions. Wish I could find such an overall nice doctor in this speciality in my area."
"Dr Buenaflor has been our pediatrician since our twins were one. He's always great with them. Very knowledgeable, and willing to taken the time to answer all our question."
Very knowledgeable and extremely quick to respond to my personal message. 
He explained quite simply the differences between a ct scan and a pet scan and included the ct Pet scan. Thank you for clearing this up for me. 
"Dr. Goolsby is a great doctor. I lived for so long with a bad thyroid, until I saw him. All other Doctors weren't able to figure out what was wrong with me. First visit to Dr. Goolsby my problem was determined. He even personally called to inform me."
My children have been patients of Dr. Cohen since each of their respective births.  My oldest is 6.  Dr. Cohen has become a like a member of our family.  I trust his knowledge and I know he truly loves and cares for my children.  My oldest son has a developmental disorder and the past 6 years have been the hardest of my life.  I could not have gotten through it without Dr. Cohen's help. 
Why I have chronic pelvis pain?
"Sounds like a very good Doctor to me.  I appreciate the quick answer,"
Quick answer...thank you so much!!
Great mentor and teacher!
Extremely open to patient input and questions regarding treatment...truly saved my life
"Won't stop until you are diagnosed. He is an intelligent, patient, and open-minded doctor. Good with children, teens, and adults."
Excellent answers & advisories!
I intend to follow his advice as I think he is the best.
excellent information.  Thank you very much.
I appreciate your informed comments about topamax treatment.  I will tell my psychiatrist about your findings.
Exellent
"Dr Highshaw and his assistant PA Mayfield are awesome, thanks for everything you've done for me!!"
Dr. Jean was recommended to me by the ER after I received 14 stitches in my dominant hand. I had complete confidence in him from the moment he first walked into the room- which was barley 5 minutes after I arrived!  He was extremely professional and spent an ample amount of time addressing the injury and every one of my concerns. 
Thank you ! He's very smart AND cute haha.
"She is a very caring, knowledgable, hard working and intelligent Doctor.  She listens and works hard with her patients to solve problems.  Great Doctor!"
"I went undiagnosed and suffered greatly until I was referred to Dr Chabra.  He is gentle,kind, and knows his stuff.  I give him 5 stars!!!"
Dr. Parise is just fabulous!  He is very personable and down to earth.  He takes his time with each patient and will also make himself available for a minor emergency.  I recently returned to the Pittsburgh area and decided to go back to Dr. Parise even though he is about 40 miles away!
"Dr. Rumbaugh is wonderful!  He makes you feel very comfortable, takes his time talking to you and makes sure that he has answered all of your questions before he leaves.  And, he is absolutely hysterical!!  I recently moved back to the Pittsburgh area and decided to go back to Dr. Rumbaugh even though he is almost an hour away."
"I had both a bilateral Ptosis repair & upper eyelid lift by Dr. Fountain 1 year ago. I did my homework & interviewed 2 other Drs. but Dr. Fountain was the most impressive. She explained both surgical procedures & what I could reasonably expect.  She has impeccable credentials, a wealth of experience & a warm bedside manner. My eyes now ""Sparkle""!  I wanted the best & that's exactly what I got."
Dr. Flynn  is my children's doctor. She is very knowledgeable and make sure that she covers every angle just to make sure her patients are getting the help they need. I love having her as my kids doctor. Thank you Dr. Flynn :)
"She's a very intelligent, intuitive doctor.  My whole family sees her - and my mom (in her 70s) has many health issues.  Dr Geilker does a great job with us all."
"Dr.lynn Kowalski is an amazing doctor. She cares about her patience, does everything she can to make you feel comfortable. Wants what best for you, and helps you understand what is going on."
Dr. Timu is a wonderful christian and  VERY caring doctor.  If it wasn't for her I probably would not still be going to the Port Lavaca Clinic (not because of the other doctors though).  She makes it worth putting up with the long check in and hoops that you have to jump thru to see her!
HAS HELPED ME 4 ABOUT 30 YEARS WITH MY PRECANCEROUS BARRETES
very quick response set my mind at ease on this specific issue
"Great answer, thank you for your conciseness. "
"I'd had an accident at work that resulted in a facial injury. Dr Jean came in to the ER on his day off to see me. He was calming, reassuring, and had a wonderful ""bedside manner"". For my follow up visit, I was deighted to see that his incredibly personable receptionist was just as friendly and knowledgeable. I'm healing great and everyone tells me how good my face looks!"
"I highly recommend Dr. Chris Khorsandi.  He is one of the best plastic surgeons not only in Nevada and California, but in the country.  He did my brow and blepharoplasty two months ago.  Went to my daughters wedding and looked great.  Looking at pictures now.  Cant believe I waited so long.  "
I recommend Dr. Khorsandi.  He took care of my moms hands and just did my carpal tunnel.  I got back to work this week.  No pain.  
Great doctor; excellent listener; very knowledgable.  She has been my doctor for  nearly 5 years.
"Dr. Lisa Bailey is an exceptional surgeon and professional. I am happy with the surgical and physical results.  She was personable and genuinely caring. Her follow up was impeccable, exemplifying that she had a complete vision of my person within the framework of my whole treatment cycle. I  highly recommend her. "
"I have been visiting Dr. Myers since I needed dental work as a child. I have had lots of work done, but I could not be happier with my now gorgeous smile and healthy teeth. The entire office is friendly, professional, and it is clear that they all genuinely love their work and care about each and every patient. "
He was the best doctor i've ever been to.
Dr. Phillips is a great physician who actually takes the time and listen to his patients!  Highly recommended by a nurse and me!
"Dr. Tripp is an awesome, caring dermatologist."
Dr. Funari is a true professional. Highly recommended.
thank you so much! you helped me. 
I love Dr. Ssengoba!! My entire family was seeing her until we moved! I hated having to leave her. She actually listens to EVERYTHING you have to say and takes time to explain things! She really cares about you and your family.
Dr. Badger is a GREAT Cardiologist & a has a great bedside manner!  I would highly recommend Dr. Badger!
"Dr. Bowen has been an inspirational leader when it comes to the medical field. He is knowledgable and friendly. When looking for a physician, Dr. Bowen is second to none."
"Very precise with his answers, as well as comforting knowing his knowledge is vast with many subjects, thanks Dr. Newman."
"Dr Kirsch is an outstanding pediatric urologist. He is the foremost authority on minimally invasive management of vesico-ureteral reflux using intravesical cystoscopic Deflux. Also the first to describe optimal technique for injecting Deflux known as the :Double Hit"" technique. He is greatly respected by fellow pediatric urologists as well as being a very nice person."
The best specialist of all people I know
"Having LASIK with Dr. Moosa was the best decision I ever made. Having personally met Dr. Moosa, I must say that his genuine nature and awesome personality coupled with his superior expertise and accolades in his field of medicine are a rare find. I never dreamed that I could have 20/20 vision and Dr. Moosa made that dream come true! It's truly a life changer to be able to wake up and not fumble around for your glasses! I love my new freedom and I recommend Dr. Moosa. He's the BEST!"
He answered quickly and helped me decide on going to er!!! Thank you!!
You have no idea how much I appreciate you answering my question. God bless you and Merry Christmas
You answered my question but I am 39 not 73 could u reanswer
"Dr. Sadri has excellent diagnostic skills.  She is very thorough with her patient examination, care and follow-up.  Best doctor ever !!!  "
"He is very knowledgeable in his field,  he is also very passionate about his patients. Always think what is the best for his patients. He is the best doctor I have ever seen. He is also a great communicator, he responds to all the questions I have for him in the visits I have with him. He is an amazing and trust worthy doctor. Highly recommended."
"Dr Santamaria & his team are excellent to work with. As a patient who suffers with epilepsy, brain trauma, & INR issues  I've dealt with many doctors throughout the Medical Center & Houston area. \nDr Santamaria will take the time to listen to your concerns, address each of them, and do his very best to help solve whatever issues you may have.  From the Emergency room, to the hospital bed, to his follow up in his Tomball office. Dr Santamaria remains competent & compassionate. I would recommend him to anybody dealing with Epilepsy, and Brain issues."
"Dr. Sinden is a through, knowledgeable physicians. I trust him with my family's care.  "
"Caring, thoughtful physician. I trust my family with his care."
"Ophthalmology Dr. Alan Mindlin gave me the name of an illness that I didn't know I had......and of  which I had never even heard of before!Now I 'll know how to correct everything! What a super surprise! Thank you again, Wow! M.R.G."
Quick to respond and informative. Recommended things I didn't even know I should do. He probably has saved my life due to an infection I have. Thorough with his responses...
I would love to but this site will not allow my credit card info. I've tried two cards now ;( would love to talk to u
Robert is a great doctor! He is very kind and thorough and really puts the patient at ease!
Thank you Dr. I am very worried. Its been a rough year. I have a pcp . A liverdr and now seeing a reumtologists. I have had blood work done. Awaiting test results. I have a lot of questions because I want opinions. Thank u for following me
Fast and helpful information.
"What an AWESOME TEAM,CREW,FAMILY ALL UNDER ONE ROOF! Gary and his staff are the friendliest and most professional team I have ever encountered- each and every one of them make you feel like you are part of the family!! You are NEVER  a ""number "" but ALWAYS  a name!"
"Dr. Ronald Achong and his staff are just so wonderful, professional and friendly. The office was spotless and clean with the latest state of the art equipment. I came to his Clermont office to extract my tooth and have a bone graft done. During the procedure he explained every thing he was doing. A great, painless experience and I highly recommend Oral Facial Surgical Arts to everyone."
"Very detailed answers, too quick with replies. Caring concerned about his patients. Never had such detailed and personalized answers from any doc. I sent him private messages and I never expected, every time he had responded back in some minutes. Thanks doc. Really appreciate!!"
"This Doctor not only answered my question, but also answered the questions I had not yet asked but were worrying me ."
"If you looking for honestly, integrity and compassion, look no further. Dr. Pousti is a one of a kind doctor, he really listens to his patients and makes their care first priority. I am almost 4 years post op and still so happy with my results. A big thank-you to Dr. Tom Pousti for everything. "
"right to the point! this doctor tells me an answer, gives me an explanation & advice!"
Very thorough and precise
"... and then i found Ms Frampton. They worked with me so that i could make payments, they sat and spoke with me about the options i had and what the dental plan i needed to take would be. They were very open about the upfront costs and how things would pan out for me. They are very gentle and very easy to talk to. The dental assistants are funny, wiity, and make your experience much less stressful. I am a huge baby and even as a 24yr old single mother, when i asked to hold someones hand for the numbing process the assitant was right there for support. LOVE these guys!"
Dr. Dahlan's experience plays a big role when it comes to positive results as well as great dental care.  He and the staff he chose over the years to work at the clinic truly care about every details. \nQuality rather than quantity seems to be the way this dentist operates.
"I had heard horror stories from friends about root canals & was just dreading getting one. Dr. Wuchenich explained what he was going to do & why. I was comfortable throughout the whole thing. Nice massaging chairs, nice, clean office. Really the experience wasn't bad at all. The office called to check up on me after & saw me later to make sure all was good. If I ever need a root canal again, I'll for sure go back to Dr. Wuchenich."
"Dr. Murphy spent eight hours on my veneers, making certain that they looked ""just right."" It was obvious to me that he cared more about having a satisfied patient than getting me in and out as quickly as possible. He and his support staff are the best."
"I have been a patient of Dr. Scharf's for several years. Having been a very fearful patient, Dr. Scharf restored my smile, dental health, and confidence to have dental work done. I am at ease when I now enter his office knowing that I am in good hands and well cared for. He is an excellent Cosmetic and General Dentist that I highly recommend."
I know everyone says they hate going to the dentist but I REALLY hate going to the dentist. I'm not a phobic person but I get the so anxious when people even talk about dental work. I was looking for a new dentist and came across Dr Mathew on google and decided to make an appointment. Dr. Mathew and his staff are so nice and gentle. They will constantly make sure you're not in any pain and work very efficiently. They will show you the areas of concern with an x-ray or with a mirror so you know exactly whats going on and what they're doing.\n\n I would recommend Dr Mathew to anyone looking for a new dentist!
"I highly recommend Dr.Cohen. I suffer from the condition known as Dupuytren's Contracture, a genetic disease that affects the hands. While there are alternative treatments one should consider when the disease has not advanced too far, in severe cases surgery is the best option. Having undergone surgery for this condition on four prior occasions, by three different and highly qualified hand specialists, I can say without hesitation that Dr. Cohen demonstrated perhaps the greatest attention to detail, preparation, and the patient's feedback and concerns.\n\nDr. Cohen provides a frank assessment of the prospects of achieving improvement through the surgical procedure, tempered by his own recommendation as if he was speaking to a friend or family member. All risks are thoroughly explained, the nature of the procedure and likely duration are outlined, and, post-operatively, he takes the time to describe how the procedure went and any issues with which the patient should be concerned. Not only was I impressed that he"
"The first time I was at Dr Harris' office was when my mom was suffering what turned out to be gall stones. We saw a PA after hours (Urgent Care, no appointment) and he recommended we go to the ER, which was the correct choice. I have taken my kids there, and myself, for typical illnesses and injuries, nothing serious. Ongoing cough, cut that needed stitches, eye infection, muscle spasms, thyroid check, sports physicals, etc. We've seen Dr Harris numerous times, and several Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners over the past 4 years. Best doctor I've seen since my previous family doctor of 25 years retired.  The office is great about followup and calling with test results. Not so good at checking the electronic fax from my pharmacy for refills."
"I came to Dr Noyes with melanoma at stage 1B. He had to surgically remove the melanoma and also 3 sentinel lymph nodes. I have a large scar where the melanoma once was but know that it could have been much worse.( I am so far 2 years clear.) He and especially his staff were thorough, helpful and compassionate. A melanoma diagnosis is a scary thing even at stage 1B!"
i been seeing this DR. for 4 year she has been great with me i have a diagnosis of ALS i was told 9 years ago i would be dead in 5 years she is a great DR. and because of her and of course my own fight aswell i have way out live what others told me i would . also i trust her with my kids health aswell she has been great . she is very caring and knowledgable office has been very nice and helpfull to me
Thanks for the custom prescription sunglasses.  I promise to not throw these into the bay.
"Dr. Franasiak  to me cared more about the patient, then money,because he would try to find ways to keep us from having so many operations,and he was so honest with us patients. I was sad when he retired.DR. Franasiak took time to tell me what all to look out for.If it wasn't for the Dr.,I would of never known why I could never have a baby,I had a total of four cist operations,and finally a hystorectomy,or smiley face. Dr. Frank also never gives up, he keeps on until he finds the answer,as to what the problem is. Dr. Frank is the best on the market!"
"I had the best experience with Dr. Janoff and his staff, they made me feel very comfortable and at ease. I have recommended him to several friends of mine and would recommend him to anybody. He was very kind and explained everything that was going to happen and was concerned if I was comfortable with it."
"Where do I even begin? Dr Ousterhout single handedly pushed aesthetic surgery into the 21st century. There is a real limit as to the changes in appearance that can be made with soft tissue work. Bone contouring was reserved for reconstruction only. Bone work is heavy duty surgery, and the consciences was, that it is just to much to undertake for aesthetic surgery. Through decades of doing this kind of surgery, and along with extensive post surgical follow up, Dr Ousterhout was convinced that crainofacial contouring could be opened up to a much wider group of people. I'm one of those people."
"Dr. Shea performed  lumbar surgery on my L-2,L-3 in 2004.  Have not had any problems to date."
"Dr Bramwell has treated and performed numerous surgeries on my knee resulting from sports injuries. I have been impressed each time by his knowledge of the injury, the time he takes in listening, assessing, and then explaining the situation and/or going over MRI results, his confidence in having the skill to make my knee better, and the kindness and compassion he shows his patients.  His office staff is always friendly and helpful and appointments are always on time.  He has everything on-site at his office - x-rays, MRI, physical therapy and a surgical center which makes everything very convenient.  Fantastic doctor and person."
"I went to Dr. Pess because he is one of the foremost experts on Dupuytren's contracture, a hand ailment that results in bent fingers and lumpy palms, and because he's one of the leading practitioners of a minimally invasive technique called needle aponeurotomy. I traveled two hours from New York City to central New Jersey to have the procedure. It went extremely well, with better-than-expected results, minimal pain and immediate recovery. He and his staff were friendly and competent. When I e-mailed him with questions in the day or two after the procedure, he instantly e-mailed me back and even made a video on the spot to show me how to do a hand exercise he recommended. I'm very pleased with my experience."
"I am writing reviews on Dr. Cahan wherever I can to let the Indiana public know how terrific this doctor is.  I had pain and swelling in my abdomen for over 7 months when I found this doctor.  I had given up after a surgery by a doctor who left me in constant pain and disfigured.  The doctor who did the surgery as well as my family doctor could not help me.  A good friend of mine said to give Dr. Cahan a chance (even though his office was an hour away)......I did and I am out of bed and active beyond what I was thinking was possible.\nHe listened carefully, suggested some tests, and I can now say I feel I am going to be 100% better than I was.\n\nThe staff at his office is caring, compassionate and kind and will bend over backwards to help in any way they can.\n\nBy far, the BEST doctor I've ever seen! (and at my age that's alot)"
"Dr. Jorgensen has been my family's PCP for many, many years. \n\nHe has the resources and credentials of a big-time doctor working at a large medical facility, but the compassion, care and personal attention that you would only expect to find with a small-town practitioner.\n\nI would highly recommend Dr. Jorgensen or his medical group to anyone in need of a doctor in the Milwaukee/Ozaukee area. He is simply the best."
A great doctor that understands the needs of the individual patients and responds appropriately.   Helped me lose 60 pounds without surgery.
Great family doctor! Dr. Osborn has been my family doctor for the past ~10 years and I would recommend him to anyone.
"Dr Shiramizu treated my son during a long illness. He is compassionate, understanding, and has wonderful rapport with the children he treats. My son LOVED him, and so did I. He wa so easy to relate to, and I never felt the egos that many doctors can project. If you are lucky enough to be able to choose Dr. Shiramizu, you are fortunate. My son died during treatment, and yet my memories of Dr. Shiramizu have always remained positive. I think I can honestly say he was the best doctor with my son we ever had, and we encountered quite a few. I would choose him again for any condition. He was thorough, and kind, and genuinely cared for his patients."
"Dr. Crosby was great! We ended up going to her because our son came 2 weeks early and she was the only pediatrician we had met with, but it didn't matter, because she was terrific and our son really loved her.  She was responsive (even by email!) and caring, and I didn't feel like she rushed us through our appointments. She answered all our questions (no matter how dumb I felt asking them!) patiently and clearly, and was understanding and helpful even in the early days when we were being overly-worried first-time parents.  I would recommend her to anyone looking for a pediatrician in LA!"
I find Dr. Sahi an excellent physician.  He listens to my questions and comments and gives understandable answers to my questions.  He always follows up on prescribed treatments and makes certain I receive and understan all lab results.
He is a very knowledgable doctor. He makes you feel very comfortable and explains things in a way that you can understand  them. He shows you before and afer photos so that you can see what you will look like after your surgery to help you make your decision.  I would recommend him highly
"Dr. Walter was extremely professional, yet personable, throughout the entire process. During our initial appointment, he described all aspects of the procedure including what I needed to do in preparation, details of the actual surgery, and details of the recovery process. I knew exactly what to expect going in, and that made me feel extremely comfortable throughout. \n\nIt has been almost a years since my surgery and everything is still perfect with no side effects or drawbacks. If I had to do it again, there is no chance that I would choose a different doctor. I highly recommend Dr. Walter, and have referred several friends to him who have had the exact same experience as I did."
"It's amazing how much clearer everything appears. During my consultation with Dr. Moosa, he made me feel at ease about undergoing the procedure. Once the day of surgery arrived I was not only comfortable, but excited and ready to see life through new and improved eyes. The entire staff at Excel Laser Vision were extremely friendly and compassionate. They made me feel so relaxed before, during, and after the procedure.\n\nBefore I could even fully absorb the procedure I was about to undergo, Dr. Moosa had already completed the procedure. To my surprise, the process was quick, fast and virtually painless. It has been phenomenal to see things as they really are, beautiful and not blurry. Thank you Dr. Moosa, you are my new best friend!!"
"Dr. Cannon has been my children's pediatrician since 2000. She has successfully helped manage their asthma, allergies, and weight issues  so that today they are in excellent health.These days most visits are annual exams or sports physicals. Knowledgeable, trustworthy and reliable, I would recommend Dr. Cannon to anyone who needs a great pediatrician."
"Very little wait time always, prompt and courteous tx by Dr. and staff and advice is helpful!"
"Dr. Rechner without a doubt is the best surgeon around.  She is kind and compassionate toward her patients, and takes her time explaining procedures.  I have had two surgeries from Dr. Rechner and would not go to anyone else!"
i had a detached retina and cataracts that were treated by the doctor.i now have 20/15 vision in both eyes and i couldn't be more thankful to have good sight again.they addressed my problems immediately and i was able to get such good results.dr fraunfelder always has a smile on his face and  is always eager to talk to you.
I see Dr. Al for hemotology issues. He is a wonderful doctor (believe me I have experienced poor doctors). He handles my rare disorder well and demonstrates true concern for my entire well being. The only issue I have is the usual wait time within the office.
One of the most thorough doctors I've ever seen. Didn't give up until he found a diagnosis for me. My former pulmonologist didn't in 1 1/2 years. Very caring and friendly also.
"I was referred to Dr. Calhoun's team at Seattle Cancer Care after I had gone through another unrelated cancer through the center.  After they took such great care of me the first time, I wouldn't pick another place to start.   Dr. Calhoun was very upfront, told me what the procedure would entail and what my chances would be.  She gave me very factual information of the possible outcomes. Even though I was in the small percentage that had unclear margins and had to repeat the surgery, which she warned about as a possible outcome, I knew I was in the best hands for these procedures.  She and her team were very compassionate to myself and my family.  Now I'm a survivor!"
Help so much and care for my mother and my fmaily.
"Dr. Tendler is very intelligent, understanding, insightful and professional.  He helped me with my problems.  I would highly recommend him."
"see her for 1-on-1 talk therapy, meds, plus group. not common to find one person to do all 3. 1-stop-shopping. i like her."
Dr. Ventre really helped me manage my Bipolar Disoder. I had some pretty crazy symptoms but he really helped to get my on the right meds. I am doing so well now!!
Dr. Htay has been extremely helpful in treating me after an accidental exposure.
"I wish all Drs were like dr Werden! he's been our family dr for over 7 yrs and every visit he listens, he tests, he addresses your concerns, he actually makes time for you, he seems to genuinely care and you never feel rushed!  The best Dr ever!  He's got a way of making you feel like your his only patient that day not that he's over scheduled."
Dr Reza Sadrian is very skilled and has superior credentials.  He is very meticulous and provides a natural looking end result.  His bedside manner is second to none.  The wait time in the office is minimal and he is good at staying on time for his appointments.  I highly recommend him!
"I can't recommend Dr. Litt strongly enough. Her attitude is great--cheerful, warm, friendly. She wants to know YOU, not just your symptoms. And she really knows her stuff--she's never given me a wrong diagnosis or treatment. Great emphasis on wellness, and on suggesting what's right for me."
I find the therapy has been effective and feel more confident of returning to normal health because of it.
"Dr. Sides was the surgeon who replaced both my knees last year - in two separate surgeries. He was knowledgeable, thoughtful, and caring. I felt confident with his skill and concern from my very first meeting, and that faith was proven through both, trouble-free surgeries, and the follow-up office visitations, each time. I was well informed of my health status at each office visit, and my physical therapy progress was also monitored."
Dr. Myers spent a lot of time listening to the problems I was having and was very compassionate.  His nurse is very nice and was very prompt in calling me back with my lab test results.  I really appreciated the time he spent with me explaining my diagnosis.  The medicine he gave me really helped.  My only complaint is that he is a TN fan!
"I have never met a ER doctor who was so compassionate. She took the time to truly listen to our concerns and at the very end, we were at ease. She was very knowledgeable and even took the time to provide us additional info from the net. Love her! If you ever need emergency services in Lafayette, I highly recommend her!"
Dr. Eckland and his office staff / hygienists are a great group of people.  Speical kudos to Ruth for detailed attention to my oral health.
"Dr Davis is by far the best dentist we have ever gone to.  We have been patients for over 25 years and now live in Colorado and still go back to Peachtree City to have our teeth taken care of.  He is excellent in every phase of his work.  My wife and I both have fillings and crowns over twenty years old and they are as good as the day he put them in.  The front desk girls, Hollie and Liza, are always busy but very helpful when ever we need them.  He is very busy and sometimes it is had to get an appoitment quickly but it is worth the wait!"
"Dr. Worth is the best cosmetic dentist Iâ€™ve ever been to, I was very fearful of the dentist until I met Dr. Worth, I've been coming to her for 2 years now, my husband as well, I also like the high tech equipment of her office. I would recommend her to anyone!"
"Dr. Milton and staff  are naturally polite and friendly, they are experts in their field and actually care about their patients. After having a cavity filled, Dr. Milton talked to me personally for 30 minutes about the nature of my teeth and how to care for them. Everyone I know hates the dentist, but I don't mind mine because he is so fantastic. The moment you enter the office you are greeted by assistants who actually remember you. From the secretary to the interns to the dentists everyone is wonderful! They are friendly and calming, and helpful when figuring out financial things. Regarding cost, I don't have insurance and i'm a broke college student, but they priced extremely fairly and helped me with payment plans. The equipments are visibly clean. I never have to wait for a long time, either. Great dentist!"
Dr. Scharf is an exceptional cosmetic dentist. He listens to the patient's \nconcerns and delivers excellent results. I would strongly recommend him to everyone. He has brought back my confidence to smile again. Thank you Dr. Scharf.
"Dr. Sam is one of the best dentists I have ever used! She is very knowledgeable and always going an extra mile to help her patients. In my case, she always explained the details of the problem and necessary treatment.  I would recommend her to anyone!"
Excellent physician.  All my three children love him.  He is so warm and open to talk to.  Would recommend to anyone.
"Dr. Isaacs has been great in treating my RA. She listens to my comments, asks questions, and hears my answers before responding. I feel lilke she truly gives me customized service and attention. She gives me a brief exam every visit to test my joints for pain and inflamation. No complaints, and would unhesitatingly recommend her."
Dr. Nesbitt treated my 90 year mother with a pacemaker and extreme arrhythmia.  He listens well giving you his undivided attention. He even returns phone calls personally.  I highly recommend him.
"Dr. Sloan is a very experienced physician, has a deep and very qualified referral network, he takes time to explain to you in understandable language your condition, the treatment and expected outcomes.  I've worked in the healthcare industry since 1983 with many physicians and I would put Dr. Sloan in the Top 5 of all physicians I have worked with."
I have always felt comfortable when visiting Dr. Alan. His staff makes you feel like you're not just another patient. Dr. Alan didn't make me feel rushed or that I was asking too many questions. He was so kind! I knew from the moment I met him that my eye care was in good hands.
"Very thorough exam and evaluation the very first time I presented with my concern, including biopsy and ultrasound without having to schedule them at another time."
"Excellent care by staff and doctor! Dr. Janoff explained everything about the treatments, procedures, and options to remove my varicose veins in my leg. I was embarrassed by the way they looked and the pain & aching that I felt on a daily basis. I always felt comfortable in the office and was able to make a decision quickly for my surgery. Dr Janoff and his staff are very supportive, kind, and helpful. Healing was quick and I am extremely happy with the results! No more pain or aching and wearing shorts and skirts again!"
Dedicated to his profession and very good with children.  I'm so thankful I found him 20 years ago for my children!
Excellent doctor. Dr. Thapedi took his time with me and diagnosed my problem and was able to correct it. I am not pain free. Thank you.
"Dr. Balme was the very best surgeon I could ever have prayed for!!  If anyone needs an Orthopedic Surgeon, I could not recommend him any higher!!  Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!\nHe took the time even when he was very busy to spend the time making sure that I understood all that was going to happen...he did an extra (and quite longer) operation to clean out old scar tissue and Arthritis to make sure that my dream of  riding a tryke comes true!!"
Saved my life over 40 years ago!scoliocis
"Dr. Singal and his entire staff are professional and courtious. I was amazed at how much they truly cared about what my needs were and the neess of my family as well.\n\nThey took the time to explain things we didnt understand and we greatly appreciate it. Dr. Singal is now our cardiologist, and we also bring our children to Advanced"
"I've been seeing Dr. Wilburn for annual checkups for about 10 years.  He is knowledgable, personable, and delightfully low-key.  I have nothing negative to say."
"Even though her wait time is long, she is a GREAT doctor."
"Dr Desai is a wonderful Hematologist/Medical Oncologist. He is knowledgeable and if he is unfamiliar with your disease because it is rare,  he has no problem referring his patients to experts in NCI cancer centers such as Dana Farber, Roswell Park or Memorial Sloan Kettering for evaluation. He works well with consulting experts for treatment plans and long term follow up. I have a very rare cancer and I am pleased I was able to receive my chemo close to home where I had the support of my family."
"Dr.Huang goes above and beyond his call of duty every time I see him. In high school, I had a condition that was making me sick every day, and no one could figure out what it was that was harming my body. Most doctors told me to take antacids and see if I grew out of it. But Dr.Huang send me to many different specialists trying to get to the bottom of the issue. He called me after every appointment to check base and see where I was, how I was feeling, and if the specialist helped me sort anything out. If the specialist didn't particularly help, he would set up another appointment to try to help. Everything has since been straightened out, and I wouldn't be able to say that had it not been for Dr. Huang's exceptional assistance! A+!"
This is the best doctor I have been too.  I cannot say enough good things about her and how much she has helped me.
I was very lucky that I switched to Dr Sahi just a year before I experienced major medical challenges. I thought I was having frequent heartburn and decided to talk to Dr Sahi about that. He listened carefully as he always does and decided to do in in office test of my heart. Turns out I was in surgery the next day to repair a 99% blocked coronary artery. I just know my previous doc would have sent me home with pills for my stomach. Previous to that I was suffering several conditions that required I see specialists to determine what was wrong. Doc Sahi was my ally friend and advocate dealing with all of this. Where are you gonna get that these days! If you are lucky enough to have this man as your doc you have been blessed.
He was a great doctor. He helped me with new information of what I have.
"Dr. Walter is an extremely competent, experienced, and devoted surgeon.  I had an initial screening for LASIK with Dr. Walter, at which time he informed me that I was an excellent candidate for surgery (I was 20/400 in each eye with a slight astigmatism; my vision had really deteriorated during law school and practice).  I was pleasantly surprised, as I had not received the same recommendation from optometrists in the past (no surprise considering they have an ulterior motive to keep me in contacts).  The surgical procedure lasted no more than 15 minutes, and I could see my alarm clock for the first time without squinting the very next morning (I see 20/20 in each eye now).  I have never once regretted having the surgery, and am thankful every day for no longer having to hassle with contacts or glasses.  Being an individual who had never undergone a surgical procedure before, Dr. Walter was very patient in answering all of my questions, and kept me at ease before, during and after the surgery.  I would highly"
Dr. Moosa and his staff were excellent. I was comfortable from the time I walked in until the time I left after the procedure. My vision went from 20/800 to 20/20 in one day. I would recommend Dr. Moosa to anyone.
"Dr. Bussieres is kind, knowledgeable and professional. He is clearly very experienced in myriad ENT issues and can diagnose and treat confidently and quickly. Highly recommend."
Dr. Agin has been my physician for 8 years and I wouldn't go to any other doctor unless he referred me to a specialist.  He provides healthcare and nutritional counseling to many professional athletes.  Dr. Agin always takes the time to explain your condition and treatment.  A very nice man.
"Dr. Pyfer performed my LASIK procedure several years ago. My vision is still amazing -- better than 20/20.  He is highly skilled, caring and professional.  My highest recommendation!"
I had Lasik Surgery to correct near sighted vision. Dr. Fraunfelder and his staff were very professional and courteous.  He was always polite and friendly.  Everything always ran very smoothly when I had a visit.  I didn't have any complications and always felt at-ease. I would recommend Dr. Fraunfelder and Case Eye Institue to anyone.
Dr Sheikh has been my primary care for the past 4 years. In my 85 years i have never had a primary care that was so caring and took care of not only my medical issues but also my psycho social issues. She guided me through my move into appropriate living place and even my finances by switching some of the expensive brand names into generics. She is very approachable. My daughter wanted to be Dr Sheikh's patient -- but unfortunately she is a geriatrics specialist and office does not accpet people who are less than a certain age.
Dr. Salemy is a fantastic doctor and person.  I went to him for a consultation for a rhinoplasty and he was such an approachable doctor who made you feel like you had known him for a long time. He was very personable and honest.  I appreciated how open he was with his thoughts about my nose and how he stated he wouldn't do any procedure if he didn't think the person needed it.  He also said he wants to make every procedure look as natural as possible.  I knew after meeting with him once that he was the doctor to do my rhinoplasty!    I had a bump on my nose since I was about 3 from an accident and have always disliked it.  He has now made me not mind having a profile picture taken and has made it look extremely natural.  I couldn't be happier with the results and can't say better things about how great of a doctor he is.  I felt extremely comfortable with how he explained the procedure would go as well as the recovery time - which was extremely minimal!!  I would do it all over again if I had to and will go b
"Had 3 surgeries in the past few years, I explain I had bad issues in the past with AN.  He listened, I came out of it so much easier and faster! Very, very pleased!"
"We have been VERY pleased with Dr. Wilson.  He takes very good care of our little boys and always takes the time to listen and answer any questions and concerns we have.  He is great with children.  And his  nurse has called us, more than once, to see how a sick little one was responding to treatment."
"I have been a patient of Dr. Tendler for over 2 years.  I've had significant improvements in my life:  the way I look at situations is more positive,  my self confidence has soared,  I have lost weight, gained huge amounts of understanding of my relationships and learned many ways to deal with all things ""me"".  Most importantly,  I am happy."
"A wonderful doctor: always kind, extremely knowledgeable, humble and a great listener. He has helped me through very difficult times in the last 6 years!"
great doctor who really takes the time to listen. he knows what he's doing and is a true asset to our community
"I have been in unbearable pain and walked in unannounced, twice.  Both times, Dr. Just squeezed me in and provided heaven sent pain relief! \nWhen I have an appointment, I check in and get called before I can even sit down.\nDr. Just shows sincere concern for me, my overall well being, mobility and my ability to continue working.  I'm very grateful that to have him as my doctor."
"I was not treated by Dr. Coyle, but my younger sister was.  Dr. Coyle handled the situation and helped us through every step in a very professional, yet personable manner."
She is a very good doctor if not the best in my opinion because she listen to your health problem and give the very best medical advice she know how and refer you to the best medical referral for you to recover fast on your pain and stress you are having.
I have been a patient of Dr. Kasing Ho in Englewood NJ for the last 7 years. Dr. Ho is a dedicated individual and a highly regarded professional with years of experience in his field. I wholeheartedly recommend him to anyone seeking high standards. The office staff is professional and always treats me with respect. Appointments are easily made as well - PK
"I have been seeing doctor Herska now for a year and she has done 2 surgeries on my left knee.She is very profestional and extremely courtious. She will take the time to expalin all of your options and review your case if it is a little more complicated then you thought. Although she is a great doctor she is a little pressed for time since she has a lot of patients to see in her work day. But if you have had surgery and you need to she her right away they are very good at fitting you in right away, I like Dr. Herska and I would most definatly recomend her as a Dr. to trust your care too."
I trust Dr. McCaffery.  Both my children have been going to him for over 14 years.
"Empathethic and caring, he cured my hip pain!"
"He preformed my kidney cancer surgery.  Throughout the treatment I felt like I could openly discuss concerns and ask questions regarding my diagnosis, surgery and followup.  I appreciated his williness to review test results with not only myself but my husband as well (at my request).  He never seemed like he was rushing to move on to the next person waiting to see him.  For office appointmentments I was seem in a timely manor and he was well preparred each time that I saw him in the office and the hospital.  I never had to wait for him to answer a question because he needed to remember why I was there to see him."
Dr. Nkwonta provides a very professional environment.  He is very knowledgeable concerning the services that he offers.
"I have been seeing Dr. Davila for about 5 years now, after having some damaging work done by another dentist.\n\nFirst off, his office staff are awesome. They are friendly, bilingual and very, very professional. They go out of their way to give you the personal touch and they seem to remember everything about each patient even though it's a busy practice.\n\nDr. Davila is the most gentle dentist I've ever been to. He is extremely talented and very much a perfectionist. He lets you know each step of the way what he is doing and what the next steps are.\n\nHe is extremely patient with me even when I'm very nervous and edgy. All of his assistants are as gentle and patient as he is. \n\nI would whole-heartedly recommend him; and actually have to a handful of friends!"
She was recommended to me by one of my friends .I made appointment to see her. When I got to her office the people there were so polite and very helpful her office is so nice. When I saw Dr. Worth she was so nice and she explains everything to you in such a way you know what's going on with the procedures. She's awesome!
"I was very pleased with the dr.I had 4 teeth pulled awake and it was very painful,but the dr was very patient and understanding! He does excellant work! However 2 days later my pain is almost unbareable,but thats not his fault! Thank you so much for your services!"
I have been a patient of Dr. Jonathan Scharf's for a long time. He gave me a smile makeover several years ago and it still looks wonderful. I highly recommend Dr. Scharf!
"Dr. Sam makes me actually look forward to going to the dentist! She's so knowledgable that I always feel like I'm getting the best care. She's the perfect balance of warm, friendly and professional making the experiences more pleasant than I ever expected!"
"Explain me why my symptoms, and diagnosed correctly my disease.  Helpful in refering an specialist."
"I had issues with acid reflux and was past age 50 without being screened.  Had EGD and colonoscopy.  The doctor, the office staff and the endoscopy center staff were fantastic."
Dr. O'meara is the best Doctor  I know.  I would highly recommend him to everybody.    He is going to do my 4th  and 5th surgeries.  He is top notch!!!!
"I've been with Group Health for a long time and have been through one doctor after another. Dr. Thompson stands out above many of his peers showing more compassion, understanding and desire to reach the root of a condition and solve it instead of covering it up. I feel so often that once you reach a certain point with some doctors, they are no longer listening, just trying move you like cattle; one patient after another. So far, and I have been seeing him close to a year, I have yet leave an appt. feeling that my problems had not been addressed. I would reccomend him to anyone with high regards."
"Dr. Cahan is friendly, capable, and knowledgeable.  He always makes time for his patients and really cares about them.  He has really helped me to see better.  I trust him implicitly."
"Dr. Werner is without a doubt the nicest and most sincere doctor I've ever had. He is just genuinely a nice person and cares about all of his patients. He's a very busy guy, and it sometimes takes awhile to get into his office to get checked out, but the wait is worth it. Nice, respectable, and the best doctor in Michigan. Highly recommend seeing him."
Whole experince from start to finish was wonderful. Excellent staff and doctor. Thank you for helping me with my varicose veins. My legs never looked better!!!!
"I cannot rave enough about this doctor.  He has tended to me for years.  He is wonderful with skin care and does amazing work.  He is a professional in every sense of the word!  I've never waited more than 10 minutes for an appointment, he answers all questions asked, has a great sense of humor, and his friendly staff works to arrange appointments around your schedule.  All in all, great, great, great!  I've known him for decades and he's always been GREAT!  Always!  And highly recommend him!"
Dr. Thapedi was very professional and caring. My surgery went well and I'm out of pain. Thanks
"Was injured in an industrial accident, L-4 disc was pushed out. Dr. Balme took the time to explain, and show me the problem on the xray. He sent a very detailed report to my family Dr.! From that report, my Dr. prescribed treatment. Very impressed with Dr. Balme!"
"This doctor went out of his way to make me feel comfortable and explained everything from A to Z. He spent time with me and listened to me. I trust this man completely. The staff was the same very kind, curtious and made me feel comfortable, more than just an appointment in their day."
He made me feel very comfortable.  Knows his stuff!!!
Great doc who took the time to explain to me what was being and why. Made sure I was comfortable and understood the discharge instructions and who to follow up with (and when).
Dr. Esser is my family physician.  She is kind and compassionate.  She is very accessible - usually you can get in on the day you call.  I highly recommend her for the whole family.
Gives patient plenty of time in his office.\nThorough-runs some tests even though not directly indicated.\nMentions potential problems with two medications.\nEven calls patient at home as follow-up!\nWill even visit a patient in the hospital!
"My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Ripps at the Mobile, AL office for almost a year now. They have been extremely knowledgeable and compassionate during a very stressful time. We feel like Dr. Ripps and his staff are as invested in our success as we are, they make you feel like part of the family. As active duty military, it is hard sometimes to make appointments during the regular business day but the staff at the Mobile office have come in late at night and even on weekends to see us. We have complete faith in Dr. Ripps and we know that not only is he a great doctor (hes board certified) but he is also a good man!"
Was longtime patient of Dr. Otteson for major depression.  He was very helpfull in ways of learning to cope with my condition.  He was very understanding and became a person who I thought of as a friend.
"After 3 years under the care of Dr. Tong, I can say with confidence that she is an extremely caring, knowledgeable physician who takes the time to talk to patients, ask insightful questions, and listens well. She treated me during a difficult medical issue and was sympathetic and concerned without being unprofessional. The office staff at the 1525 building is better than most at the Emory Clinic, and the nurses there are average to slightly above average. The biggest drawback is the need to rely on nonmedical call center staff to relay your needs to the doctor."
"This spring (2011) I had a series of respiratory issues that were followed by a lingering sore throat.  My primary care physician ordered several tests to trouble-shoot the issue.  A blood work up (one of many tests that were done) showed a PSA count of 8.4 which is more than double of high normal (4.0).  A second blood test  was done at a different lab for confirmation and the result was 7.8.  My primary care physician referred me to Dr Toland for a prostate biopsy as a result of the two high PSA counts.  By the time of my first appointment with Dr Toland in early August, I had seen several specialists and had multiple CT scans, an MRI, and a Sonogram to pin down the sore throat issue.  \n\nI am a very inquisitive, direct and undiplomatic person.  I have been told I have an abrasive personality and I would have to agree.  Dr Toland was unfazed by it.  I was impressed with Dr Toland because he was very direct in return and endlessly patient with my many questions.  He understood that I had several issues that h"
"Dr. Garvis performed a difficult ear surgery that other ear specialists were not qualified to perform.  I am able to hear better than I have been able to hear in years.  In fact, I can now fly in a plane or dive into a swimming pool, something I have been unable to do since I was a child."
"I am so pleased with the results, because I am finally free. What a joy to live without glasses. And the staff was top rate. If you want to be free, donâ€™t walk, but run, to Dr. Moosa. Youâ€™ll be glad you did."
"I was treated by Dr. Michel Bussieres in SKMC in Abu Dhabi. He is really a great, well organized doctor. He explains my problem clearly and in simple way and he answered my questions.\nMohamed."
"Dr. Fracht performed my PRK surgery 3 years ago. Prior to my surgery, I could not even see the clock or help my kids if they woke up during the night and now my vision is 20/20. The office staff is friendly and compassionate and the doctor has superior attention to detail and expert knowledge."
Dr. Sosne is a caring and easy to deal with physician. He bends over backwards to make me feel comfortable and to explain my diagnoses and potential treatments. He did not push surgery on meand explained to me very well about my cataract.
Concerned and professional. Correctly diagnosed problem and speedy treatment.  Was in a lot of pain and Dr. Dugan took care of me quickly. He has excellent credentials and he had a caring manor with me. Would go to no one else.
Great staff and felt very welcome. I feel Dr. Linson and his exceptional staff took great care of me through the whole of my treatment.
"Dr. Sharpe is a very caring and considerate man.  I consider myself fortunate to be his patient.  The office staff is very friendly and helpful, too, and the wait time is the best I've seen anywhere.  I couldn't ask for better!"
"Excellent radiologist.  Talked me through my procedure, made me feel very comfortable.  Highly recommended."
Dr. Bittar is ABSOLUTELY SPLENDID! He explained my medical condition in a manner that my family and I can understand! I recommend anyone in this hospital to have this Doctor!
"I've been seeing doctor Mendez for almost three years, I had a baby at 40 and my blood pressure went crazy. Dr.Mendez was really concerned more than some in my family. He got my blood pressure straight. And addressed a few other problems.I will continue seeing him until he retires, that will be a sad day for me&my husband, I might mention that he saved my husband's life!"
Dr. Sanchez is simply the best doctor I have ever seen.  I had a bowel resection and elliostomy. She visited me every day that I was in the hospital.  No other doctor I have seen did as much.  My surgery was successful and without complications in spite of the face that I lost almost 2 feet of my large intestine.
"I took my son into see him and it was such a wonderful experience. I was so impressed by his questions. He spoke directly to me and my son. Now when my son sees him, he hugs him.  I wish he could be my pediatrician as well."
He was very concerned about me and my unborn son.Very professional and kind.
"Dr. Wong is an incredible surgeon. He is treating my mom who has stomach cancer. He did an amazing job getting the tumor out and has checked in with us every day to answer questions and take the time to explain to us what the next steps are. We trust him completely and even the nurses have said he is one of the most thorough physicians that is at the hospital. They have also said it's fantastic working with him and I even had 2 nurses come in and tell me that if they needed surgery for them or their mother's, they would not hesitate to go to Dr. Wong. He has been just fabulous."
"Dr. Alomar is fantastic.  I have never had a doctor like him.  He spends a lot of time with his patients.  He really wants to understand what's going on.   He doesn't prescribe medication unless absolutely necessary.  He does not sell supplements or other things like some other doctors.  I like that he's an MD and knows about alternative/natural treatments.  I recommend him to everyone.  He accepts most PPO health insurance.  Even if you have to pay cash, it's worth it.  I highly recommend him."
"Dr.Roya did Lip Augmentation on me. She transferred fat from my abdomen to my lips and the result came out amazing! I was done right in the office it only took about an hour. I was so tired of doing regular lip fillers, Prevelle, Juvederm, you name it..I've done it. Fat transfer intimiated me a little at first but Dr.Roya made me feel so comfortable and I'm so glad I went through with it! She's very thorough with her consultations and her personality is what really separates her from the rest. I felt like i left with perfect lips and a new friend! I would go back to her in a heartbeat! great!! :)"
"Friendly outgoing staff.  Not knowing anything about the process, they held my hand, made me feel comfortable and at ease.  It was a good educational experience.  Thank you Dr Camacho."
Very thorough and helpful in explaining and going over my health concerns.  She is very friendly and have referred several of my friends to her as well.
"personable,approachable,listens,patient. Sent me for the tests I needed and the most important thing of all...........followed-up with explanation and detail. Knows her stuff and takes good histories."
"Dr. Bhanoo Sharma\nI knew from the beginning that you were the right doctor for me. You and your entire office were so accommodating. I never felt pushed or pressured to do anything. You are so down to earth and sincere\nI cannot begin to express how impressed I am with the breast augmentation, liposuction, and the COCO butt that you have given me. I had many consultations with other doctors, and hands down you were the kindest and most informative of them all. I am so glad I chose you to do the work that I was requesting. You educated me about things that months of research on the internet could not. Thank you for never making me feel rushed or pressured into making my surgery decisions. Even though this is only my second day post surgery, I am already VERY pleased with the results. Thank you for giving me the self confidence and self esteem that I was lacking for so many years. Both you and your staff were supportive throughout the journey. It still amazes me the length you will go out of your way for your pa"
"So I went to a fancy dentist for 30 years. Loved him but felt his prices were too high. During the recession I shopped other dentists and found out I was literally paying double what others charge. When calling many other offices I found Dr. Paige's office was the only one without a scam. I asked them what things costs and they told me. Other dentists insisted on elaborate exams when all I wanted was a teeth cleaning. I noticed the other offices basically demanded the patient have insurance. Extensive research just show those others are in cahoots with the dental insurance companies. \n\nUpon arrival at his office I found it warm and the people were just great at answering questions and being helpful.  I have now been back a number of times for various things and the prices are good, Dr. Paige is very attentive.  I've never been afraid of the dentist but he was painfree, efficient and helpful.\n\nI figure my original dentists costs our family tens of thousands of dollars over the years. If he was half as good as "
"Dr. Chalef has been my family's dentist for 30 years and I would highly recommend him.  He also has a very friendly and efficient staff, which makes the experience good."
She and her office are great. If you need any other dental referrals she will do that too. I have never been dissatisfied or disappointed. Hope everyone who goes to her feels the same way!
Great family dentist - would recommend to anyone - went to Dr Basnett for over 15 years until I moved out of state
"Dr. Jon Scharf is the Best!! I've never been so satisfied with any other \nprofessional in my own field, period!"
"Best dentist EVER. Was able to resolve the issues I had on my lower teeth, it was super easy. Took the time to educate me with what was going on. Great experience!"
"I was scheduled to meet with Dr. Castellanos 6 weeks after my referral.  I was upset by the delay, but the front office called me with an opening just a week later.  I got right in, hardly a wait at all.  He spent a solid hour with me explaining things and making sure I understood all my options.  He answered every single question and with a smile.  He was very reassuring.  I completely trust him for a surgery he has scheduled for me.  Great doctor!"
He is personable and caring.  I'm able to get my prescriptions updated efficiently. On a routine visit he found a growth on my neck that turned out to need immediate attention. It was not related to my visit. Glad he was so through. Very confident in him
"Dr. Olukoga is an extremely caring person...He made certain I was comfortable and aware he was available after hours, if I had any concerns.  I wish I could see him for all of my medical needs!"
"I've seen Doc Simi for almost 10 years. I can't say enough positive about him. He's a GP and Pulmonary specialist. Helped me thru several very difficult health issues that involved bringing in outside specialists, with complete success."
My son was seen by Dr.Broderick for an eye exam and new contact lens fitting. The doctor and his staff were both caring and patient and went above and beyond to make sure my son was able to insert and remove his new lenses with ease. We will continue to see Dr.Broderick for all of our eye care needs. We would highly recommend him to family and friends.
"Dr. Zielinsky has been there with me through 7 pregnancies. He assisted me through a high risk pregnancy and showed compassion when our son passed away. He delivered our three live babies, treated e through miscarriages and in a month will deliver our last baby. Without him, his thoroughness and genuine interest, I sincerely think our oldest would be our only child."
"I initially chose Dr. Janoff because he is a Board Certified Vascular Surgeon and that was important to me.  I made my appt with Kathy in the office and that was my first wonderful contact with this office.  Dr. Janoff talked to me at length, examined me and discussed my diagnosis and the treatment he would prescribe.  He went into detail and I never felt rushed as I have with doctors in the past.  This was very important to me as well. I subsequently scheduled my venus closure procedure with total confidence in my doctor.  After getting home and looking at the various pamphlets I had picked up in the office, I also decided I would like to get a Vein Gogh treatment on the troublesome and embarrassing spider veins on my face.  These veins have bothered me for many years and, after talking to my husband, I called the office again and scheduled the spider vein treatment for 2 days after my varicose vein procedure. Pam did the Vein Gogh treatment on me and she was as kind and professional as the rest of the staff"
"After several consults, I chose Dr. Collins for a breast reduction. I couldn't  be happier. Everything from my consult to my surgery went smoothly.  You feel very accommodated and taken care of by both Dr. Collins and his amazing staff.  Everyone is attentive, kind and prompt.  I wish all Doctors offices were like this!  So glad I chose him."
"I went to four different doctors to get their opinions on my injury. True to his reputation, UCSF's Dr. Weinstein proved to be the most qualified and honest specialist. I just wish I'd saved myself the hassle and gone to him first."
"I have been going to Dr. Voron for over 5 years. Staff is always nice, and goes above and beyond to welcome you. He is professional and experienced!! If he questions it, he cuts it. I joke about that, but THAT is the life saver!! I visited a local Cancer Hospital for a second opinion, and they complimented him on his surgical technique and skill. That speaks volumes."
I broke my ankle in a boating accident in 1997 and was taken to an emergency room at Canossa Hospital. My ankle was completely mashed and required significant surgery with mulpitle pins and screws.  I was told at the time at the very least I would have serious arthritus and now 15 years later I am running marathons and an avid skier.  Dr Chang is my hero.
"Steve is a awesome Dr.and has been my hisband and my Cardiologist since 1993.Steve has always shown professionalism with both of us,and has always been right on target in treating us.\nWe hope to never lose him as our Dr."
"THIS DOCTOR STARTED WORKING WITH ME 11 YEARS AGO. NEEDLESS TO SAY ""I HAVE HEART PROBLEMS"" IN THE BEGINNING HE SAID THAT HE WOULD "" BE BY MY SIDE THOUGH OUT WHAT LIES AHEAD"" AND HE HAS! ALTHOUGH I CAN BE A PAIN IN THE BUTT! HE HAS NOT PULLED ANY PUNCHES AND HAS HELP ME THOUGH ALOT!!"
I've known Doctor Bourque for a while now and he is one of the most helpful doctors you could ever meet. If you have an issue he will most likely know what the remedy is. If he doesn't then he will go out of his way to make sure that your issue is treated and that he is educated on your condition. Great Doctor and person!
"I met with Dr McKee last week for the first time and was really impressed with the way she listened to me and took my health concerns seriously. I have never been a hypochondriac but right now, I am feeling particularly vulnerable and fragile due to a recently diagnosed life-threatening condition. Her caring attitude and willingness to talk and listen was much appreciated."
"My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Hendin for 20 years. He has also treated all three of our daughters at some point. He is one of the best diagnostician I have ever worked with. He takes the time to listen to your concerns and explains steps and options of treatment. Earlier this year he saw my husband (and our family) through a terminal illness with care, compassion and grace. I will continue to see Dr. Hendin and without reservation give him the highest recommendation."
This doctor really understands both children and medicine. I feel entirely confident bringing my kids here. They feel comfortable with him and he's really been an amazing advocate to have in the treatment of our son's autism. I would recommend Dr. Bautista to anyone who really wants personalized care from their pediatrician.
"I have been receiving periodic care from Dr. Sensenbrenner since 2009 and I have nothing but praise for him and his staff. They provide excellent care as far as I can tell and go out of their way to make patients feel welcome and important, always willng to listen to concerns and answer questions in detail. I would be pleased to recommend Dr. Sensenbrenner to anyone."
"He has helped me re-understand my diabetes and has given me hope in actually getting better control of my diabetes.  If you are looking for a new endocrinologist come and see Dr. Raman!  He is easy to work with and puts everything into perspective, which is what a diabetic needs if they want to live life longer!"
Dr. Perrin is an outstanding surgeon who takes the time to take into account the impact scars from surgery may have on the patient and where possible the placement of incisions to minimize the later appearance of the scars.  She is an excellent communicator.  I understood all of my options and the pros and cons of each option and was able to make decisions about my surgery.  She has an outstanding bedside manner as well.  I would highly recommend her.
"I wore glasses from the age of eight. When I was in the second grade, I couldn't see the chalkboard from the back of the class, so I got moved to the front row â€“ and still couldn't see. I was very active playing sports, and was always breaking my glasses and had no back-up pair. When I was in college, I started to wear contacts, and after years of having to deal with solutions and always having extra lenses available, I got frustrated with the whole ordeal and called Excel Laser Vision. The staff answered all of my questions about the LASIK procedure that Dr. Moosa performs, and made me feel at ease about the idea of going without glasses. My vision was 20/600 before the procedure and now I am at 20/20 â€“ and was told it could get even better. I would recommend Excel Laser Vision to anyone considering having LASIK!! Now I can wear the cool sunglasses that I couldn't wear before and now I don't have to pack three pairs of glasses or extra contacts!!!"
"Very friendly and informative, could not have had a better experience"
It's been a while since i have seen him but i will go back soon. He is the best doctor that i have ever seen and i would highly recommend him to anyone.
Wow. What a great experience. Such a passionate and caring doctor
Dr Denlinger is well trained and has an excellent bedside manner.  She is a strait shooter and tells it like it is. but is vry supportive and will take the time to fully explain everything to you.  Unlike other doctors at Fox Chase she sees her patients for all appointments while others only have their PA's see you. She is also always available to return calls if you have any questions - another area where other doctors have a nurse or secretary call you back. She is the most patient oriented ocncologist that we have ever had over the last 15 years.
"I had a multifaceted bacterial infection and was treated by Dr. Chandwani both in the hospital and after my discharge. His bedside manner is very kind and gentle. He explains everything fully, asks if there are any questions and never makes you feel stupid!!  His knowledge about the antibiotics and their side affects was extremely good. I am still  under his care and find he respond very quickly to phone calls even when not in the office."
Dr. Aziz was my anesthesiologist during hand surgery.  The surgery was necessitated by a particularly bad case of gout and my condition was very painful.  Dr. Aziz explained the procedure clearly and kept in close contact afterward.  During the week after surgery he stayed in touch by phone and monitored my pain medications.  I recommend him completely.
Dr. Carter is my son's PCP. She does a great job giving information and explaining details.  My son needed minor surgery and she helped us with the referral as well explaining the reason behind the surgery.
She has been a god sent to me. She was able to diagnose me with a rare disorder that had puzzled other doctors.She speaks in terms I understand. Doesn't have the specialist high and mighty attitude.I have recommended her to friends.
I had surgery with Dr. Sigari and I can't recommend him enough. He is a caring and compassionate doctor!
Dr. Sanchez is a wonderful and caring human being.  The best Dr. I have ever seen.   Visited me every day i was in the hospital.  Not many Dr.s do that these days.
"He is a great Doctor. He really seemed to care about his patients and made me feel very comfortable. I wish I knew why his office is not taking any berryhill patients. He told me personal where is was going and was only taking a few people with him, but I had to leave town due to out of state family issues and by the time I got back he was gone!!! Does anyone know what happen? I highly recommend him to anyone!!!!."
"I never had a doctor take so much time, ask me so many question to understand my concern"
"Dr. Feinstein's practice is phenomenal.  The offices are beautiful, immaculate, welcoming (the staff is terrific).  He makes himself and his staff available, even in emergency situations.  He is an extremely thorough, knowledgeable diagnostician and surgeon.  I have had several necessary surgeries with him and have not a had a moment's concern that my case was being handled in anything but the most professional, appropriate way."
"He saved my life. I had seen few heart doctors before him, all told me my heart was good. He did heart cath on me and I had two blockages, each one 90%!!! I'm feeling great now after I got two stents"
"Pediatric Plus is a top rated pediatric practice in Astoria, Queens, New York. This practice has the best pediatricians. They were recommended to me by my friend. My kids love to go there. If anyone is new in Astoria and looking for a pediatrician, just call 718-626-4881."
Seeing for past 22 years.  My children are now grown and see him.  I don't know what I'll do if he retires.
"I was only able to meet with Dr. Solomon twice as I was moving to another state, but I will miss him.  \nI had been hospitalized twice by the time I found Dr. Solomon.  He made the Pulmonary and other health problems I was having understandable after nearly five months of confusion.  I have found a follow up doctor in another state and his reviews have helped my new doctor tremendously.  His patient-doctor communications are outstanding.  Thanks Dr. Solomon."
He was great in assisting my son's surgeon.  He made sure that my son was well taken care of while we had to stay in the hospital.  Thank you Dr. Horton and your team.
CARING PHYSICIAN WHO ACTUALLY SPENDS TIME LISTENING TO MY COMPLAINTS. I AM NOT A NUMBER OR A COMPUTER STATISTIC.  HE IS ACTUALLY LOOKING AT ME NOT HIS EMR!!!
Dr. Roe is Great with his Pt and a perfectionist and very proffecional and and his goal is always make the pt happy and making sure they are satisfy with his work. His super Great and i wouldn't go to any other prosthodontist.
"I came to Dr. Chandra for a smile makeover. She listened to what I wanted, took alot of time explaining steps and procedures. She is very caring, professional and I cannot even describe the amazing ladies on her team. The place is beautiful. Alot of attention to detail. She changed my life! I have a beautiful smile that I am so proud of. Thanks Dr. Tina. Recommend Chandra Smile Designs to everyone!"
"The office is very clean and new. The staff was very friendly, and Dr. Worth answered all of my questions completely. I'm very happy I found her!"
"I've been going to Dr Hagerman's office twice a year for almost 2 decades. He is patient, kind & doesn't push the new treatments like whitening & invisalign. But he does offer them & he does a great job. I had invisalign done 4 years ago & my teeth are still straight & white as can be. His office is conveniently located near Hamline Univ in St Paul & gives me the feel of a hometown dentist's office in a big city. He has the most recent dental technology in his office & is well trained. My kids say ""yay when it is time to go to the dentist"". How many dentists can evoke that kind of response! The hygienists & office staff are friendly & great and he has very little turnover in staff. I love the rapport my family has with everyone that works there."
"I have experienced nothing but the most excellent dental care, service and education in personal dental health. Dr. Scharf's skill and experience have been superb for the past 25 years especially for a patient such as myself that requires extensive care. I wish to \nthank Dr. Scharf for the quality service I have received as his patient."
Dr. Sam walked me through a very difficult set of procedures that had it not been for her kindness and patience I likely would have torn the arms off of the chair or walked out. I stalled for years out of fear of the dentist and luckily she is the one I stumbled onto through my insurance. She gets my unequivocal recommendation.
"Dr. Choi is one of several doctors who practices @ Harris & Smith ob-gyn. Even though i was only seen by her once in my prenatal care, she showed a distinct kindness that set her aside from the rest. I was very late for my appt. but she didnt turn me away. I really wish she could have delivered my daughter because her demeanor and her voice is so gentle, she probably would have subdued some of the anxiety and panic i endured during labor."
"AWESOME!!! Very Ginuine and kind, I would reccommend Dr. Jordan in a heartbeat. He Listens and is very patient, Love him to death, staff is very friendly, clean office and is worth the drive."
"The only reason I keep going back is because of Dr. Otero, he takes care of his patient and gives you that full attention.  Thank you .. And thank you staff.."
Dr. Schreiber is a excellent Dr. He takes time to listen to your problem and explains in a form that  you can understands. He's very dedicated to his patients and their health.
i took my daughters in for an exam for school ... he was very nice and the staff was courteous...Dr Broderick has great bedside manners and extremely thorough... will be coming back next year.
"Dr. T is someone I would recommend to any and every woman. I no longer dread going to the gyno! She's gentle, quick, and answers all of my questions. She's also really nice and friendly. Any time I've called to ask something she's returned my message within the same day!!! \nI also like the warmness of her office. Her office manager is very nice and makes the wait (5-10 minutes) painless. I look forward to Dr. T delivering my future babies one day!"
Dr. Janoff and his staff were wonderful during my VNUS closure experience. I was very well informed from beginning to end and I would definitely recommend this procedure to anyone who is suffering from varicose veins.
I had a breast reduction and body lift with by contouring.  This was performed at two separate times.  I stayed in his facility overnight with one of his recovery nurses and she was absolutly fantastic.  I am happy with my results and my entire experience.  I referred some of my family members to Dr. D'Amico and they too were very happy with both their treatment and results.  Great physician.
"I had the wonderful privlage of having Dr. Van Lovern treat me for my disease, Neurofibrmatosis while he was still in Cincinnati.  He was a fabulous doctor who  had a wonderful bedside manner and always validated my feelings and concerns.  He was never one to talk down to  you or make you feel inferior............in fact, he was the only one to take my complaints serious enough to run the necessary tests and subsequent surgeries.  I was DEVESTATED when he left Cincinnati.  He was definitely quite adored and coveted here.  In fact, even now so many years after he left Cincinnati, any time you say his name everyone gets a huge smile on thier face and always says "" Oh Harry!!!!!!!!He was so WONDERFU!!!!!!!!!!!!  Such an asset and so sad that he left""    and I must say, I agreee!   I  LOVED, LOVED, LOVED him!!!!!  Congratulations Tampa! Ohio's loss is your gain.  And thank you Dr. Van Lovern for being the fabulous doctor that you are!\nSelina- Cinncinnati"
Dr. Toubbeh began treating me a several years back after I had received care that was making my condition worse.  He used creative and brilliant solutions to resolve the immediate problem and has remained engaged with my problem ever since to ensure that it remained in control.  He is incredibly skilled and intelligent.
"Spent adequate amount of time with me and allowed me to fully explain what my symptoms were with my knee.  He gave me some likely scenarios and then we scheduled an MRI due to the original injury being four months old and the knee not healing.  The MRI results showed what he originally thought was the problem along with a possible PCL tear.  He recommended scoping my knee, but also assured me that it was up to me on what I wanted to do.  He gave me some reasons for doing the surgery now and some reasons for waiting.\n\nI really liked how he put the whole thing into context with my daily life at the age of 37 and not 19 playing college football.  If I were 19, he recommended that I get it done then so the healing process could begin and I could get back on the field, but since those days in my life were long gone, there was no rush. I voted for getting it done now and am glad I did.  He repaired the cartilage in my knee and did a micro fracture procedure on the bottom of my femur bone.  Within 48 hrs of surgery,"
"I have so many wonderful things to say about Health Care Medical Group. When I walked through the door, I was greeted with a whole bunch of smiles. This being my first visit to this group, I moved here from Florida and needed to find a physician quickly. I was referred by a friend. I have been diagnosed with a few different serious health conditions,that has placed me in different offices. Although i have never received such great service as i have here at Health Care Medical Group. The same day I walked in ... the girls at the front desk jumped all over it. They had my records transferred from Florida within minutes. If for any reason you feel the need to find another physician this is the place to come  to I feel the front desk people can make your experience a pleasant one. In the past the front office at other facilities has truely turned me off to the point of switching doctors. Finally I have found a a great provider, and her name is PA Sabrina. She is very compassionate and explains your condition as w"
"Dr. Zumoff managed my diabetes for many years.  He has a direct, no-nonsense approach to patients, but his bedside manner is terrific.\n\nHe chewed out a resident who ordered the wrong thing on one of my tests with me in the room.  I'll never forget that.  He stood up for me, his patient."
Ive been a patient of Dr Kovats for probably 10 years now.  And I wouldnt dream of seeing any other doctor!  He and his staff are an example of what a doctors office should be and how it should run!  He is friendly and personable.  He is honest and knowledgeable.  My husband and I are not only patients but my children go to him as well.  I trust him more then any pediatrician! Go see Dr Kovats~you wont be sorry!
Dr. Epstein is a very thorough doctor who asked alot of good questions and listened very carefully to the answers. He took his time and never made me feel rushed. He has exceptional communication skills and gave me the impression that he cares very much for his patients.
"Dr. Hendin has been my primary physician for over 10 years.  I have been most satisfied with his knowledge, no nonsense recommendations, correct the first time diagnosis and follow-up care.  I have recommended Dr. Hendin to several of my friends and there adult children. All are current patients of Dr. Hendin.  Dr. Hendin is backed up by a great group of fellow physicians and friendly staff,  too."
This doctor/therapist gets right to the core of things. I needed to be confronted with my behavior and she did just that in the most acceptable and helpful way. Brains and guts! She's great!
"I was referred to Dr. Valenzuela because my primary care physician thought I may have fibromyalgia or myositis. In reviewing my condition I have found Dr. Valenzuela to be an excellent doctor, he listens and explains his findings clearly, so that you can understand. He spends time with his patients and you don't feel rushed, you have time to ask questions or voice any concerns you may have.  It has really been a long time since I've received this type of excellent care. I really do appreciate the excellent treatment I have received, he is worth any time you have to wait to see him."
I was having problems with errections and keeping them.  Dr Stephens was VERY thorough and did the implant and I did much better than I expected.  The soreness lasted a while which was to be expected but the surgery was a great success.  I would definately recommend him to anyone who is considering surgery of this or any other urinary problem.  In fact I am visiting him soon for a urinary flow problem and will do what ever he suggests.   Gladly!
"Dr. Connall's practice far exceeded my expectations in breast augmentation surgery.  From the minute I met him, I knew I would be in the hands of a very experienced, very detailed, and very competent doctor.  He also has a great ""bedside manner"" for lack of better words - kind and you can tell he loves his job.\n     Dr. Connall is an excellent listener - you can see his mind working to evaluate a patient's needs and desires, and connecting that to their body type, possible directions to go, and overall best case scenario.  I think he knew what I wanted better than I did - I was so nervous about going too big and looking unnatural.  In the end, I put my trust in his recommendation, and without question, that was the right thing to do.  \n     Dr. Connall's nurse, Angela, is also a huge resource.  She is a pro - you can tell she is incredibly experienced, and knows what she is talking about.  She gives reassurance, instruction, answers questions, no matter how frivolous they might seem, and is part of the proces"
"I had my procedure done on a Friday afternoon and bought my first pair of non-prescription sun glasses in 20 years on Sunday. Talk about liberating. From the first consultation to the actual procedure, Dr. Moosa and the staff at Excel Laser Vision were an absolute pleasure to deal with. It's hard to believe the procedure takes less than 20 minutes! And just like that, no more glasses or contacts. Consider me a fan of Excel Laser Vision!"
I recommend Dr. Huynh to all my friends and family - she is highly professional and highly knowledgeable. There's never been a time when she wasn't able to answer a question or concern I had. I've had her for 4 years and each and every time I see her she does an excellent job of treating me as her patient.
"As an attorney, I have experienced a certain disdain from many doctors due to the pervasive anti-litigation bias institutionalized in medical school.  Insurance carriers have only added fuel to this fire.  This doctor understands only those physicians who have fallen below the standard of care need be concerned with a meritorious lawsuit.  Besides the above, he is simply one of the best family-medicine doctors I have ever met or worked.  Every clinic in the US should run as efficiently as Chad's.  He has created the model for general health care clinic.  I cannot rate him highly enough, and I trust him with my health and that of my family."
"I have been a patient of this doctor for over 3 years.  He is exceptionally smart and knowledgeable, kind, and nice to boot.  Around town he is considered the doctor they send you to when you have eye problems of a more serious nature and he is universally praised by other eye doctors around town."
"While Dr. Emrich is an excellent physician, she also happens to be very cordial, caring, and instructive, which is not a quality you find too often these days."
"I have six serious health conditions, three of which are life threatening.\nDr. Misra deals easily with the complexity and complete scope of my extensive medical history.  It's as if he knows intuitively which modes of treatment will net the best results.  He is always right.  He is quite intelligent and\n knows Internal Medicine very well.  His communication is understandable and empathic.  I owe a lot to Dr. Misra.  I feel very fortunate to be able to treat with him.  \n     Michael C., Portland"
I have POTS.  It has taken me years to finally find a Doctor that knows about and understands this debilitating disease.  I was referred to Doctor Goodman from a fellow pots patient.  He is knowledgeable and helpful.  I can not suggest highly enough that you see Dr.  Brent Goodman if you are struggling with pots symptoms or have aready been diagnosed.
"I couldn't have been more pleased with Dr. Kim and his entire staff!  He spent a lot of time explaining my problem in detail and exactly what would happen during/after my upcoming surgery for parathyroid hyperplasia. Before talking to him, I was ready to go to Tampa, New York or Atlanta for this surgery, but went for a consult with Dr. Kim and quickly realized that he was the surgeon I wanted to handle this.  He and his staff put my mind at ease--they were all extremely knowledgeable and professional, and were VERY supportive.  Dr. Kim truly gave me my life back, and I would absolutely recommend him without hesitation!!"
"She and her staff are wonderful and listen carefully to my concerns.  They are attentive and are there for me always.  Thank goodness she diagnosed me or else I would still be wondering why I felt so horrible all the time.  Since diagnosis and being put on the correct meds, I am a human again."
"I would highly recommend Dr. Sigari and Del Rey ENT.  He is truly a caring and gifted surgeon.  He was able to quickly diagnose an issue that had been bothering me for months and that 2 other ENT doctors could not fix.  I never felt rushed in Dr. Sigari's office and he was always available to answer my questions.  After surgery, he personally called to check on me. Dr. Sigari also gives up his time each year to go on medical mission trips and I think that says a lot about him as a physician.  He really cares about his patients and his work.  Thank you Dr. Sigari!"
Wonderful and caring physician.She really cares about her patients and goes above and beyond.
I would recommend this wonderful doctor. He has a great bedside manner.    Only he had too many junkies coming to see him which I can understand the reasons he \nditched this particular practice.  I on the \nother hand am not a junkie.   I have legitimate back problems issues.  He was \nwonderful in treating me that except he's not \ntaking any patients he saw before.  Which I \n\n\n\n\n\nfind very unprofessional.  So if anybody Is looking for doctor posca he is practicing on phyllis street in pensacola. Its now a family practice.  \n\nwould like to give it a shot... he has moved to \npractice as promised to Phyllis  street in pensacola. Some of the patients.....he gave us address a new phone number
"Dr. Sabater is a really great doctor.  Thorough, patient, and as a plus an excellent therapist.\n\nMy conditions include major depressive disorder and post traumatic stress disorder and some intimate details are at times discussed involving sexual abuse and other abusive situations.  I am a woman and thought I would have trouble seeing a male psychologist or therapist, but I feel comfortable with this doctor to the point of doing both with him.  He treats you as an equal and with empathy.  He has a very diverse set of tools to help patients (obviously psycho-pharmacology, psychotherapy, EMDR, acupuncture and others I'm sure - these are the ones I've personally done with him).  I have seen my conditions improve remarkably in the time I've been his patient, as a result of his hard work and my own.\n\nI have no doubt that Dr. Sabater is the best psychiatrist I've ever seen, and probably the best medical professional overall.  He has a private office that is very comfortable, and has 20 min, 45 min, and hour and a ha"
"My first eye exam in over 20 yrs (67 yrs old) dr rondon examined, explained and planned next visit for laser procedure for me, and I feel confident and comfortable with him."
Dr Kim gave us hope after that there are some good Dr's out there!!!!!!! Thank you Dr. Kim
"Dr. Tanzi has been my dermatologist for almost 10 years now for the treatment of my port wine stain birthmark. In all honesty, I would not trust any other doctor to perform my treatments other than Dr. Tanzi. Dr. Tanzi is always professional, kind and probably the most down to earth doctor (and person) you will ever meet. I am so thankful to have her as my treating physician and cannot emphasize enough how wonderful she is."
"Dr. Munro is an outstanding doctor who truly cares not only for her patients, but about them.  I am so thankful that she is my doctor.  I have been done with chemo for 3 months.  She has an amazing nurse, Julie,  in Salem that works with her.  What a fabulous team!!!!  Thank you Dr. Munro and Julie for all your support and care."
Recently met with Dr. Szabo to resolve an ongoing acne issue. She is excellent in her manner and does not push you to agree to unnecessary or expensive treatments. She's my go to derm now.
I can't speak highly enough of the treatment I received from Dr. Richard.  He performed surgery on me with totally positive results. I can't thank him enough for his outstanding work.
"I have complex medical issues and it involves several branches of medicine. I'm so grateful that I have Dr. McCallum on my side. Before Dr. McCallum, I would go to my doctor, dentist etc...No one person had any idea of my problems and what needed to be done for me as a person. I don't fit into a convenient box for my symptoms.  I always felt bad and was being over medicated without really knowing what was going on. Now, everyone is on board and Dr. McCallum has reached out to all of the doctors to work for my best interests. All of my test results and medicine prescriptions go to Dr. McCallum. He is very hard working. It is so nice to have one person that knows everything that goes on. Last year he started a wellness program working with him, a clinical psychologist and a strength & fitness coach. My life has changed for the better and I actually ran a mile without PAIN! I never could do that even when I was young. I feel so good, better than I ever have. Having access to the best of the best makes me feel li"
"He is the most amazing dentist who really listens and cares about your health and wellbeing.   He takes the time to understand your circumstances, explains procedures and truly cares about his patients.  He is a perfectionist in achieving aesthetics and comfort.  I can't even begin say enough good things about his professionalism and expertise."
I've been her patient for the past 4 years. She is a great dentist. Glad to have such a good dentist 10 min away from my house.
Dr. Sherri WOrth was wonderful as were her staff. Very understanding. I will keep going back to her!!
"I have been going to Dr. Petersen for about 12 years. He is very professional and very personable. He is very gentle with his procedures and trying to make sure the patient is comfortable. And the staff is very friendly, greets me by my name at the front desk. They always ask me how my family is etc."
I have been a patient of Dr. Jonathan Scharf for years and I would not go anywhere else. I trust all of his suggestions and decisions about my dental health. His cosmetic work is always beautiful and he has enhanced my smile and makes me smile inside every time I come to visit. He is a wonderful dentist and my entire family are patients. Dr. Scharf has given me a smile for a lifetime. Thank you.
Called and got a same day Apt. had pain and was seen same day!
I was so fortunate to have Dr. Chan perform emergency surgery after a severe automobile accident.  I was very impressed with his knowledge and ability to explain everything about my surgery.  I would highly recommend him.
"Dr. Jondle is a fantastic pathologist.  Even though very few pathologists take the time to meet with patients, he spent time with me reviewing my biopsy slides and explaining the findings."
"I had a blood clot last year. After carefully reviewed my case, Dr. Ombrellaro made us understand clearly how serious my situation was; he also explained the possible solutions and consequences. We took his advice and did the surgery without any delay. I stayed in the hospital for a week. The result turned out to be perfect. He has really saved me from a life threatening situation. In addition, there is even no visible surgery scar left. I will never forget that he has saved my life and my family."
"After 3 second trimester miscarriages (the last two each included one-time referrals to another perinatologist in the area, who told me I was fine and sent me back to my primary obstetrician), my husband and I had begun to lose hope.  Then a friend recommended that I go see Dr. Tabor.  I asked my regular obstetrician for a referral to him, and I am convinced that it is the only reason I have a family today. \n\nIf you think all perinatologists are the same, you are wrong.  He even called my house on the weekend one time because he had been reviewing patterns in my chart from previous miscarriages and wanted me to come in Monday morning.  That set in motion a series of tests and a hospital stay... at the end of which, I got to take home a healthy baby girl.\n\nHis intuition and meticulousness saved my child and gave us a family. \n\n(Don't be turned off by first impressions, though: he's kinda quirky and looks like mad scientist.)"
"When I had a foreign body stuck under my lid that was scratching my eye, Dr. Broderick and his staff were extremely sweet, accomodating, and very thorough.  Dr. Broderick took me right away and was extremely courteous and gentle.  He removed whatever was irritating me and put me on drops right away to make me more comfortable and keep any possible infections at bay.  I felt so much better as soon as I left and my eyes feel great.  I will definitely be back for all of my eye care needs!"
"Dr. Thanapathy was an added delight to my pregnancy. I mean, the labor wasn't a delight, but you know what I mean. I felt so comfortable every time I went to her office. She always welcomed me warmly. She answered all of my questions. She was gentle and always explained what she was doing. I felt like me and my baby were in good hands! Going to a woman was important to me too because she'd been through everything that I was about to go to at the time. She understood my concerns and was always patient with me. love her! if you're looking for an OBGYN go to her!"
"My son had a simple surgery in Dec by another surgeon that went wrong and he had suffered pain and drainage for 4 months without any intervention. The original surgeon had no clue how to fix the problem or didn't care enough to do so. \nWe saw a dramatic change in my sonÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s condition the very first week we started seeing Dr. Nussbaum, and my son has been on the way to a full recovery because he knew exactly what to do. He is an incredible doctor and person because he truly cares about his patients and not a single detail is overlooked. He listens to every word we speak and responds to each and every concern without failure. He is the perfect model of an ideal doctor.\nHe is truly the best surgeon I have ever met and I have personally known many of them."
"At the time of my last birthday I told my grandson that I decided not to get any older but to go in to opposite direction.  After several procedures with Dr. Cooper, at least my exterior is going in the right direction."
"Dr. Whitfield performed surgery on my best friend and removed a tumor that was in an awful place, the odds of surviving was not on her side, however with the help of God Almighty Dr. Whitfield was successful. He is different from many doctors in that he shows himself to be caring and accessible. There should be more like him."
Dr. Farber is a highly knowledgeable professional who practices dermatology with a high standard of competency and skill. He is one of the best in the area at his craft. Over the past several years I saw him for several dermatological and cosmetic issues. His receptionists and front office staff are friendly and accommodating. He personally was one of the nicest people I ever met and was able to take care of me to my satisfaction. I highly recommend him to everyone.
"I am just about 6 months post TKA and have never felt better.  Dr. Barrett is a skilled surgeon and has developed a amazing staff to support his practice.  It was very reassuring to be in a ""hospital within a hospital"" for ortho patients at VMC.  The staff was organized, focused and knew how to care for us.  I spent a lot of time interviewing surgeons, doing research and talking to folks who had knee and hip replacement surgery in the Seattle area.  A lot of roads lead to Dr. Barrett and I am glad found him.  Key for me was a very experienced surgeon with a good clinical reputation, a doctor who could be straight forward and honest in communications, a knowledgable staff, and a limited recovery area in a hospital (exclusive to ortho patients) with staff experienced with joint replacement.  That was really important to allay fears about infections and pain post surgery.  I could not be happier with the surgery and the stay at VMC and the post-surgery care from Dr. Barrett's office.  Big shout out to Jana and K"
"I have so many wonderful things to say about Health Care Medical Group. When I walked through the door, I was greeted with so many smiles. This being my first visit to this group, I moved here from Florida and I needed to find a physician, I was reffered here by a friend. I have been diagnosed with few serious health issues that has placed me in the care of several different offices, Although.. I have never received such great service as i Have here at Health Care Medical Group. The same day I walked in the girls at the front desk jumped all over it!! They had my records transferred from Florida with in minutes. If for any reason you feel the need to switch your physician, this is the place to come to. I feel the front desk people can make your experience a pleasant one. In the past the front office at other facilities had truely turned me off to the point of switching doctors. Finally I was placed with PA Sabrina. She is very compassionate and explains your condition . She also suggested how I should treat m"
"Dr. Boyd was a God-send at a time in my life when I had very little quality of life due to severe chronic pain after an MVA. He literally took a chance on losing his license at a time when prescribing narcotics for chronic pain was almost unheard of.  I have been on a stabilized dose of opiates for 10 years now and, because of his compassion & willingness to take a chance on me, I am still able to enjoy life. Even when I moved out of province, he was willing to keep me on as a patient until my GP in BC took over my care."
"I like Dr. Banta because he spends the time to explain things and has been good about keeping me healthy over the last several years.  There are times (most office visits) when he is running late, but I have learned that it is because he makes time to care for patients when they need it, which he has done several times for me and my family. For which I am grateful."
"Dr Kolodychuk was very caring and knowledgable when I injured my knee.  He explained the condition, the procedures and the follow-up steps that I'd need to take following surgery and he was available to see for unplanned follow-ups."
"Dr. Hendin is a very intelligent, caring physician who stays current with the latest developments in his field.  Has been my internist for approximately 10 years and dealt expertly and efficiently with a variety of issues over that period of time."
"I have seen a few of the top therapists in NYC at different times in my life and none was able to assess, synthesize and guide me through an unresolved problem that had plagued for years.\nDr. Buttinger Fedeli's insight, intellect, focus and availability were extraordinarily helpful to me in my time of need.\nI seldom recommend professionals in such a public forum, however I feel compelled to share my great experience with others.\nI can say in good conscience that treatment with Dr. Buttinger Fedeli will enhance your life."
"I took my 19 yr old son to Dr Vitulli, Jr. recently for dermatology. He is located in Coral Springs at the Skin Institute and he has his own office in Jupiter. What a wonderful man and an excellent physician. We were wasting time and money with another dermatologist for months before we found Dr. Vitulli. Meanwhile, my sons condition improved immediately once Dr. Vitulli took charge.\nWe highly recommend Dr. Vitulli for Dermatology."
"I had the pleasure of knowing Dr. Backous when he performed my cochlear implant. He is caring, takes the time to explain the procedure and takes the time to know his patients. He performs the surgery with utmost care and the aftercare if tops. His staff is helpful and professional as well as personable and caring. They take the time to make sure your questions are answered and help is given. I can't speak highly enough about the care you receive at Swedish and by Dr. Backous. He restored my hearing and I will forever be grateful."
"I went to a consultation with Dr. Timothy Connall in April 2011. I was a barely A cup and had been thinking about having a breast augmentation for 10+ years. I had a consultation with a different surgeon in 2006 before I had kids and he advised me to wait until I was done having kids. This is because your breasts change so much during pregnancy and recovery. This particular surgeon also advised me to go to a D cup if I wanted a C because it wasn't that much bigger...\nI didn't feel comfortable with this advice, so I waited until after I had my kids and found a different surgeon. My best friend's sister found Dr. Connall and referred me to him. The staff is very friendly and makes clients feel very comfortable during visits. My consultation with Dr. Connall was very efficient. When I told him I'd like a C cup but I wanted it to look natural he steered me to a B because of my lack of breast tissue and he said a C cup would be too big for me. He advised me that I would definitely have rippling, which is where you"
I have worn glasses and contacts for over 25 years and have been waiting for the technology to improve and for more studies to be released regarding LASIK eye surgery. I am now seeing 20/20 with each eye. The best part is that I can now see my children's smiles and facial expressions when they first burst into our bedroom every morning. Every since they were born I have not seen their facial expressions in the morning as they walk into our bedroom until they are within two feet. I can now see my lovely wife and children clearly every time I wake up.
"I had been thinking about having breast implants for years....I did my research and went to see three doctors in Columbus. He was the one that made me feel the most comfortable, the staff was great, they have a machine that lets you see what you look like with implants, and they kept me informed every step of the way...I have a great result, love the way I look and have had the best summer ever!"
I was referred for headaches that nobody could diagnose. I have tried all kinds of futile therapies and undergone all sort of diagnostic studies. I spent two weeks at the Cleveland Clinic without answers or improvement. I was depressed and hopeless. Dr. Vascello diagnosed and treated my pain. I am pain free now.
I am so glad Dr. Roth is my doctor.  She is so kind and truly listens to her patients.  She is willing to go to all extremes to help you.  The time she spends with you lets you know she cares.  Very professional and never rushes you out.  My husband and children now go to her and they love her.\nI love you Dr. Roth!
Dr. Lyn spends time with his patients and demonstrates sincere concern for their health.  He provides appropriate follow-up and makes key recommendations. My health has improved significantly under his care.
"The Doctor saw my veins when I was pregnat, I was concern because they where big and I was afraid that something can happen to me or to my baby (embolism). I felt very confortable with him and his team, treated me great."
I had a facelift by Dr. Steele and I am very satisfied.  I would definitely recommend to anyone considering plastic surgery.
"Have had two procedures and also my daughter had one. He is awesome. great manner, great attention to detail."
Dr. Shahriari is a innovative surgeon who uses the latest techniques in surgery. He is a very caring doctor who takes a personal interest in all his patients. Without his skills I would not be alive today.  He is the best!
"Two of my children see Dr. Zeiders. He is an outstanding doctor that takes pride in what he does. He's done surgery for both of my children and the outcome was phenominal. Not only is he an awesome doctor, my kids love him. He interacts with them to make them feel comfortable. He listens to your questions and concerns and gives great feedback. He is very thuro and explains everything well. The office is very clean, restrooms are too. The office staff is exremely nice and friendly. I would recommed Dr. Zeiders to any and everyone because he is great and awesome and loves what he does."
"Dr. Barnard has got to be the most caring and concerned doctor. She spends time with her patients, and it shows that she cares for each patient individually. I wouldn't even consider being seen by anyone else cause there simply cant be a better doctor out there!!"
Dr. Posca is by far the best doctor I have ever had
"I went to see Dr. Gousse for Interstim therapy. He was very friendly, compassionate, and knowledgeable. As being selected as Best Doctors in America, he has a national reputation that I can see in my excellent results. His office staff was friendly and accessible. I recommend Dr Gousse for bladder control problems."
"She has a great follow up. When she says that she will do it, she will get it done. Very enjoyable and knowlegeable. I felt that my son was very safe with her!!"
I would highly recommend Dr. Ross and his staff. They made me feel very comfortable and I am very happy with my results.
A friend of mine had some laser treaments for age spots and the result is incredible!  i plan on seeing Dr. Tanzi in the future
I appreciate Dr. Morton's approach and counsel.  He also went the extra mile when my husband was hurt in another state.  He is a good listener.
I highly recommend Dr. Szabo. She is very diligent in her approach and helps you understand how to be proactive about your skin care. I really like how she assessed my daily routine and skin care products. Thanks Dr. Szabo!
"In the state of GA I've found it extremely difficult to find a good psyciatrist. I met Dr. Dickson at Cobb Co Mental Health at a time when Doctors were coming and going. Unbelievable, never seen anything like it. I was happy to finnally have a Dr. pt relationship where I was heard and not ""just viewed."" She was willing to care about what I knew  was going on instead of guessing (like Dr. Perez has done me and many others that I encountered in waiting room of facility. I am looking for her, I need her!"
Have been patient for about 10 years and continue because he works to find solutions versus just giving a prescription.
"Dr. Roe and his staff are amazing!!!  They make all the procedure as painless as possible and explain everything they're doing before they do it.  I have had a few procedures done, and was amazed at how they put me at ease and the minimal amount of pain I felt!  \nKristel especially is ALWAYS available to help with insurance questions and help you with scheduling and payments!\nI recommend Dr. Roe's office to everyone!!"
Dr. Cheng has changed my life by giving my smile a new lease on life. His staff is very welcoming and the good Doctor is a honest professional whom I trust deeply. I would recommend him to anyone.
"Dr Worth is a great cosmetic dentist. Her staff makes you feel welcomed and treat you like a person instead of some dollar sign walking into the office. I would recommend her to anyone. Professional, straight forward, and fun."
Dr. Berry and his staff were amazing.  He was very helpful with all of my questions.  I will recommend him for anyone.
Dr. Scharf suggested Invisalign for me to straighten my teeth and I am so happy he did. My teeth look great and and it really boosted my self confidence knowing I can smile without embarrassment. It was a painless cosmetic procedure I could live with. I highly recommend Dr. Scharf because he actually listens to you and his work always looks great.
"Dr. Rosen has been my dentist for 10 years now and I wouldnt allow any other dentist take care of me after putting my trust in him.  I was a very nervous person in the dental chair and now I actually look forward to going to the dentist!  The entire staff is VERY helpful and friendly, especially in regard to procedures and going thru my insurance benefits.  The office is clean and beautiful with a down to earth atmosphere.  Dr. Rosen is a great dentist for our entire family."
"Before school started my 5 year old had to have ONE shot...due to court ordered visitation gettin her in to a doc. was only possible the week before school. I called tons of Pediatricians, drove all over town, and no one would see her with out a well child check up, and no one had an opening till after Sept 20th. My daughter couldnt start school until she had this shot. My Aunt called Dr, Coopers office and told her the situation, like she had with the millions of others, and they were more than willing to work her in unlike everyone else. The staff was excellent and super helpful, and Dr. Cooper was AMAZING with my daughter. They made her comfortable and my daughter is NOT a peoole person, but the staff and doctor were wonderful with her and never once had a problem out of my daughter, due to them making her so at ease!"
"After my husband had already been thru colon cancer surgery we found out now he had liver surgery.  We met Dr. J and immediately felt a connection with him.  He tells you exactly how it is and makes you feel sooo important as his patient.  He cares, he discusses, and re-discusses and makes sure you understand..A wonderful bedside manner.  He saved my husbands life.  We cannot say enough wonderful things about this truly magnificant man.  He is truly a blessing from GOD..."
She is very caring and knowledgeable. Office staff will go out of there way to help you with anything you need. She has done 4 knee surgeries of mine including cartilage tears and acl recon. She really cares about her patients and I will be returning to her office if I need any further assistance.
I went to Dr. Tison for my food allergy and he took a great deal of time during the consultation listening to me and then going over the options!  He was very understanding and he made me feel very confident that he will formulate a great treatment plan for me.  I put this off for so long and I wish I wouldn't have.  He is a great doctor and the staff at the office are very nice as well.  I could not have been more pleased!
Dr. Chang saved my eyesight in 1990 and I can still see today. There are no words of gratitude that would work. He is the best. Thank God he was there and for his skills.
"Dr. DiLeo is awesome.  He is compassionate, caring, and doesn't give up when trying to heal someone.  A testament to his capabilities are the nurses at Tampa General--not one nurse had a negative comment to say about him. Each nurse said he was wonderful and that if they had to have ""female"" surgery, Dr. DiLeo would be their surgeon.  Believe me, nurses are the ones to ask, because they don't hesitate to tell patients what they think of certain docs.  I've had many surgeries, and I always ask the nurses about my dr and ask for the truth.  They don't lie.  Dr. DiLeo listens and really hears and offers suggestions and options for treatments.  He doesn't come across as egotistical--he just wants to heal his patients.  I feel like I finally have found a doc who isn't going to load me up with pills and blow me off because he can't fix me.  This site says he has sanctions on his medical license or was sanctioned, but frankly I don't give a darn.  He has been nothing but forthcoming with me and has been the only dr."
Dr. Ellis was the best Doctor I have ever had. She listened and addressed every single one of my concerns and made me feel very comfortable and confident in her abilities. I would with out doubt recommend Dr. Nita Ellis for any and all general surgery procedures one may need.
"Dr. Cooper, his staff and facility are more than a patient could ask for.  Excellent experience and result."
"I had a bad injury to the L4, L5, and S1 vertebrae of my back. Dr. Reid was able to correct the damage, repair the damaged nerves, and now I've been living pain free for the past 11 years. He is an excellent doctor and I recommend him to everyone in need."
Dr. Farber was able to see me at the last minute. I was a new patient and he fit me into his busy schedule. He explained the best method of treatment and quickly took care of the problem.
"I am 64 years of age and on February 21, 2012 I had an Anterior Approach Total Hip Replacement at Valley Medical Center.   Choosing the right orthopedic surgeon to me was very important to a successful surgery and recovery.  My primary physician referred me to Dr. William Barrett because he uses the â€œanteriorâ€ method and is regarded as the best.  He also has led Valley Medical Center to be the leaders in â€œstate-of-the-artâ€ surgical techniques. When I met with him I found him to be personable, encouraging, trusting, passionate and most of all very knowledgeable.  He took the time to answer all my concerns and questions and I felt I understood the procedures and recovery.  When I left his office I felt confident I had the best orthopedic surgeon.   \nI canâ€™t say enough about Dr. Barrettâ€™s Joint Center team of nurses and therapists.  From the time I woke up from surgery until the time of check out, the joint center staff was attentive and always friendly. From the nurses to the people who brought my m"
I am very happy with Dr Prabaker and his staff. Everybody cares how I feel and makes me feel part of a family there. I will always recommend him to any one who needs a top-notch Dr.
"dr. rosenfeld was and i'm sure still is one of the best infection specialists in the world. he visited me in the hospital very often every time i was back in the hospital with recurrent infection problems from a compound fracture i had incurred after falling of a loading dock at work on feb 4, 1987. the day the new miracle antibiotic (ciprofloxacin) was available for doctors to prescribe, he immediately called me and told me to get the prescription filled right away.  it was so new, that the pharmacist had to special order it.\nbottom line, he saved my leg.  i was told a couple of times that i might lose my leg. do not hesitate to have this compassionate and more than qualified doctor treat you."
i am thankful for dr nickell-olm for finding my illness and saving my life.
"My experience was the opposite of the other reviewer. I was sent to Stanford after years of testing by my regular doctor which always showed nothing. After being admitted to the ER a number of times for horrible vomiting and abdominal pain episodes, I was finally sent to Stanford and assigned Dr. Gerson.\nI took all of my test results, CT scans, MRIs, etc. with me but also had it sent. She listened to me, and then said, ""I don't think it is your stomach, I think it is lower down"". I thought she was crazy because since I was vomiting, shouldn't that mean it is my stomach? But she was completely right at my very first visit. She ordered two tests, one I could do locally (I live four hours away), and one that had to be done at Stanford. From those tests I finally got a diagnosis of intestinal dysmotility and colon inertia. I should say that I have suffered from these my entire life (56 years) and no one was ever able to diagnose them. She did NOT tell me it was psychological, as many other doctors have. She got m"
"Perry has always been thorough, prompt, courteous and a good llstener...although my health has been good, there are occassional blips on the radar and he has been careful and prudent when it is time for a treatment of some kind.  I am happy to recommend him as a primary care physician."
"She is THE BEST! Look no further. 3 years of therapy with Dr. Buttinger Fedeli have introduced happiness and passion into my personal life and success into my professional life. She is super smart, has an incredible academic background, ""gets it and gets you"" in no time. She has perfected the art in helping you ""get it"" and most importantly learn to apply ""what you got"". She told me: the goal of therapy is to become my own best therapist. Goal achieved! Unlike other therapists, she does not cling to you and won't let you go, she wants you to get better and then move on. I learned how to respect myself and others which improved my self confidence and improved my relationships on all fronts. These three years were an amazing experience and worth every hour and every dollar spent. The best investment I have ever made. She is very kind and really tough when appropriate. She is a delight for the eye, has a beautiful voice, always poised and professional and can laugh at a joke. THE BEST!"
Dr Goff is such a great surgeon.  She and her staff at the SCCA and the University of Washington are so professional and competent.  She always explain things so well and is always very positive about my cancer treatments
I drive all the way across town to see Dr. Ryazansky.  I cannot imagine going to another doctor.  She takes time with her patients and takes their concerns/symptoms seriously.
"Honesty, Integrity & Professionalism\nI was extremely impressed with Dr. Connall and his entire staff. I would highly recommend him and his services to anyone in need. He explained every detail and possible scenario. I had a stage 4 capsular contracture (hardening of breast) that he removed and replaced. Honestly, my breasts look better than they did after the first implants. I am very happy and am finally enjoying them for the first time!"
"Before LASIK, I couldn't do anything without my glasses.  I couldn't even see the alarm clock next to my bed.  Now, I can ride my motorcycle with sunglasses instead of glasses and I don't have to worry about losing them or breaking them when I'm rafting.  It's wonderful!!!"
She is a wonderful listener. She is really knowledgeable particularly with eating problems. My little boy is premature and cannot eat. She had several new ideas and we are hopeful. The wait was a bit long but worth it. She is so kind.
"The problem was he seemed knowledgeable and pleasant- but when I had the epidural which was $150 because he used another facility, he didn't give anesthesia (which he didn't inform me of beforehand) and ""didn't have my file"" so he couldn't answer question I had about my condition.\nNot acceptable"
"Dr Bachenheimer is very knowledgeable and always takes the time to listen and explain.  She is very punctual and has you in and out of the office in good time, sometimes too quickly though.  My only complaint with her would be that having diabetes, I know my labs need at least quaterly monitoring but I seldom get any kind of plan from her as to when to return.   Her staff, consisting of 1 person, is really good about reminder calls and calling with lab results within a couple of days of the test, but she could use another person to relieve the stress from the 1.   Overall, she is a great doctor.Very confident in her position."
I was very pleased to have him as my doctor.
I am a 42 year old female with moderate high BP... he was very patient and understanding when explaining what can and cannot be done. His friendly and open attitude was very refreshing even though my appointment was the last appointment of the day on a friday.
"I work at Shands Hospital in Gainesville and saw first hand Dr. Steele's excellent surgical results.  When I found out he was leaving last year to pursue private practice in Texas, I knew I had to have my breast augmentation before he left.  My results are nothing short of spectacular.  My husband and I are very happy.  Dr. Steele is caring, knowledgable, and always took time to answer my questions.  I would recommend him to anyone seeking plastic surgery."
"I had  a bilaterial Mastectory with expanders for reconstruction.  Dr. Glatt worked together with my sugeron and  oncologists.  He is caring, professional and extremely helpful.  He doesn't rush you out of the office and he will address any concerns you may have.  There were no questions he could or would not answer.  He made sure I knew exactly what to expect every step of the way.   I am very happy with him and I would recommend him to family and friends."
"Dr. Morton worked wonders on me.  She took an excellent, detailed history, listened carefully to all my concerns, described my issues and discussed resolutions in a thorough but easy to understand manner, and I never feel rushed when coming into a visit.  When it came time for surgery, she did a terrific job, and I had no surprises because she explained everything so well.  She is always friendly, professional, and courteous.  Her staff and nurses are also top-notch, particularly Nurse Jackie.  Highly recommended!"
"I have always found Dr. Bernardez friendly and trust her with my child. She and her office always make me fell as if I was an old friend and not just a number. Shots are never fun, but they do so with care and compassion."
"More than any doctor I have ever met, Dr. Berman actively listens and reacts to everything that you say, not just key words. She always follows up. When my wife was hospitalized, Dr. Berman stopped by at least once a day on her own accord and actively followed up on tests. Other doctors have described her as ""brilliant"" and actively seek to use her for their own families."
Dr ciklin is wonderful. I had a difficulity pregancy  form the start and she was excellent in easing all my fears thank you
"Dr. Lentz did my anesthesia during an upper endoscopy procedure. I had a wonderful experience with him. He was friendly, knowledgeable and took the time to explain the procedure to me. I woke up feeling great and rested-no nausea or discomfort. I hope to have him again if I ever need another surgical procedure."
"He has a great bedside manner, and is a great person and doctor."
"I highly recommend Dr. Atcha. He is the greatest guy I have ever met. I see Aurora Doctors, for which I love...Dr. Paukner and Linda Weiss. I chose to see Dr. Atcha for my OB because he saved my nephews life and gave my sister the motivation to save her and her son. This man has helped me through two births of my own, my sister through two births, and my other sister who was scared to have a child through her birth as well. I could not ask for a better Doctor and will not change Doctors. If I have a third, and final...he will be my OB!!! Absolutely great!"
"I went to Dr. Tanzi for laser hair removal and could not have been more pleased with her warm personality, professional demeanor, punctuality, state of the art lasers, and excellent results.  I received three treatments on my bikini line and was so thrilled with the results that I did my underarms next and am now in the middle of having my legs done as well. Dr. Tanzi recommended laser age spot removal for my face and was pleasantly surprised not only how well it worked but that I hadn't considered it myself. My face looks so much younger now.  Dr. Tanzi is very thoughtful and honest about what treatments she recommends and what to expect for results, so you don't feel like you are being pressured or oversold on needless treatments.  I highly recommend Dr. Tanzi to anyone looking for a dermatologist."
"Dr. Hills is fabulous.  He recently relocated his practice to Eugene, which is sad for those of us in Portland.  He really is the best.  I could mention the tiniest nuance in my condition and he always knew right away what I meant and what needed to be done.  He is a gem of a practitioner."
"I visited Dr. Szabo last week. It was the first time I had seen her. Dr. Szabo was very professional, friendly and helpful."
Excellent physician.  Showed me my x-rays at bedside.  Extremely kind and compassionate.  Loved him.  Extremely bright.
"Dr. McCallum is very dilligent on resolving his patients health issues. He has been very responsive when I have needed medical attention. He fully explains what the issue is, what he believes to be the cause and the best path to a cure/prevention."
Great dentist who has a personal touch. Pain-free dentistry. Have been taking care of my family for years and wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
"I love Dr. Dellheim's office! I've been a patient for the past 15 years.  His dentistry is excellent, the staff is kind and caring and the hygienists are amazing. He takes whatever time is needed to address any problem I may be having.  My cleanings are very thorough and they use products that make the cleaning comfortable.  They seem to keep up on the latest techniques.  My whole family are patients."
"Dr. Sherri Worth was great, very professional and extremely helpful and gentle. I would recommend her to anyone in need of a good cosmetic dentist."
"In all my dealings with Dr Youngblood and his staff, everything was explained and everyone was easy to deal with.  Once the initial consultation was over all questions were answered and I felt at ease with the work that needed to be done.  After the surgery and implants, they were very caring and concerned with how I was and making sure that there were no problems with recovery.  Everything was done in a professional manner and the results were Great.  I would recommend Dr Youngblood and his staff to anyone who would need his services."
"After some very bad cosmetic dentistry in Richmond, VA., Dr. Scharf brought me back from the edge both dentally and mentally. I have since moved from the area, however continue to travel back to see Dr. Scharf as long as it is possible for me. He will always be my top dentist. \nHis work is exquisite!"
Dr. Rosen is the best dentist I have ever had . he is very good what he does. he is very kind and gentle and  when ever I leave the office  I am never in any pain and I have been there many times I tell everybody how excellent he his so they well go to him
"This doctor is very thorough, he takes the time to ask questions , reviews history when necessary and answer every question no matter how many you have. He explains conditions with visuals when possible and goes out of his way to make sure everything is examined and all bases are covered especially during physicals and well baby visits. Like any good doctor who takes walk-ins the wait time can be long sometimes particularly Mondays and Fridays but I find that setting an appointment or going as a walk-in around 10 or 10:30 am usually helps. Average wait time is for mid week."
"16 year patient speaking here.  Dr. Joki did my prenatal care,  delivered 2 of my babies, and assisted in my hysterectomy later.  He has a wonderful bedside manner.  An amazingingly knowledgable physician, he honestly CARES about is patients and gets to know them.  I consider him the VERY BEST in the baby biz!"
"Dr. Oria was very informative and down to earth, he is very approachable.  His staff at the time of my surgery was equally kind and helpful any time that I called."
Dr. Toome was not only very professional but also very compassionate.  She took her time explaining my condition and the various options for treatment.  Her office staff was very friendly and helpful in accomodating me when making an appointment.
"I am a life long patient of Dr.Carr's. From childhood to adulthood I have bad amazing medical care from him. Wait time is long, but he spends so much time with you. You never feel he is rushing to leave your room. You get every question answered and the highest level of professionalism I have ever witnessed."
"Dr. Vick has been my obgyn for a while and I knew I wouldn't ever change doctors after my first visit. He makes you feel comfortable and explains things in a way that you understand. He is very gentle and tells you whats going on every step of the way regardless of what you are having done. He delivered me when I was born and he has since delivered both of the children I've had. He is an amazing doctor, going to see doctor Vick is the only doctor visit that doesn't really make me nervous because he is such a calm kind hearted person that any nervousness goes out the window as soon as he comes in to talk to you. He is very good and very professional at his job. He knows how to make you feel comfortable when you are the opposite and he knows how to explain things to you so that you arent sitting there totally confused. I will never switch to a different doctor as long as doctor Vick is still practicing I will always be a patient at his office. I recommend him to any and all females that need a physician in his "
"Dr. McAlpin relies on God for his ability to treat his patients.  He explains issues in a way that you understand them.  His surgical abilities are sought after in the Newnan area and he is very well respected by other doctors for this.  He operated on my son in 2004 and then after my son was turned over to another doctor, he still came and checked on him every day and he was not even being paid for that.  This is rare in a doctor and I thank him for all he did for my son.  He also operated on me in April 2011 and I was very pleased with my care.  I have nothing but praise for Dr. McAlpin."
"Dr. Cooper is a remarkable surgeon and treats his patients with the care and respect you will not find anywhere else.  His total care facility is a wonderful experience for recuperation.  From the moment you arrive for your consultation, you know that you are truly cared for.  He has a staff that goes above and beyond all expectations.  I felt completely at ease with the expertise of the staff.  There is always a certain amount of anxiety involved in having surgery, yet I did not experience any, I felt comfortable in their care and confident that I would be well taken care of.  The top knotch care continued throughout my post operative period as well.  When you go back, you are treated as though you are one of the family, not just a patient.  There is no room for error in the detailed instructions that are given.  Dr. Cooper is a rare find and I am fortunate that I have been his patient. The Pavilion Resort is an experience all its own.  The staff is attentive and caring.  All of my needs were met immediately"
I think you are one awesome Dr. I wish I had known about you before I had my other surgery's on my low back and my neck before the other disk went out. I think you did a very good job. People need to go to you 1st before going to anyone else if they only knew what had happened to me.
I received treatment for  Psoriasis. Dr. Farber has the newest treatment with laser therapy. He patiently explains all the details of treatment with me and he is very flexible. He is very knowledgeable. I highly recommend him.
"My husband was going to have both knees replaced at the same time, pretty scary stuff.  We live in Anchorage, but had a friend recommend Dr. Barrett.  We contacted his office and had xrays, etc. sent down to Seattle through our doctor, did all the paperwork needed, made the surgical appointment, then showed up the Friday before the next Monday procedure.  Dr. Barrett put us both at ease.  He was both professional and ""real"" all at once.  No God complex, very down to earth, taking the time to answer all of our questions.  His assistant, Kayte, was also so great during all the paperwork through email.  We felt confidant going into the operation with Dr. Barrett, even though we'd just met him.  The surgery went well, Dr. Barrett kept me informed of the progress of the operation and all went smoothly.  The facility in Renton was outstanding.  One whole floor devoted to orthopedic patients, all the staff were specifically trained for this and they were all wonderful.  The hospital stay was only 3 days, then we sta"
"Dr. Zaltzman is a very warm, compassionate doctor who painstakingly took the time to explain my condition to me. He is extremely thorough, and careful. He has taken care of numerous family members over the last 10 years. He is a winner!"
Excellent initial experience with finally. getting. my diabetes under control after many physcians have tried for years
"Dr. Glynn-Thami is great.  I have seen her for many things and she even delivered one of my babies. The staff in the office is very friendly and helpful.  However, I have not been impressed by the way UW physicians runs their business.  I have had numerous problems while being funneled through the call center and with their billing system.  They just can't seem to get things right.  I have been frustrated enough with UW physicians that I finally decided to start seeing a new doctor."
"While Dr. Meeker looks a little unorthodox with his beard, I could not have been more satisfied with my visit. Dr. Meeker communicated with me very well about my symptoms so overall I am very comfortable recommending him."
Dr. Hendin is a very caring and personable doctor with an excellent bedside manner and a comfortable presence.  He takes time to listen to your issues and offers a variety of options as to how to treat your condition.  I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a new family doctor.
Hes just an amazing pediatrician overall.  I feel so comfortable when speaking to him about my medical concerns.  He understands exactly why i have these concerns.  I leave satisfied every time i visit and i love knowing the answer to all my questions upon leaving his office.
Dr Goff was able to do my cancer surgery robotically.  I felt almost no pain and was back to doing what I wanted in 2 weeks.  I can't believe what a great surgeon she is.
"Knowledgeable, patient, compassionate.  I have, unfortunately, had the opportunity to deal with many, many doctors over the years, and bar none - this is the absolute best."
Dr. Connall was amazing.  From the first consult to the aftercare he and his staff took excellent care of me.  My health was the first concern and achieving the results that I wanted was the second. I felt safe and confident of the choices that he helped me to make.  I LOVE the results of the breast augmentation and really believe I would not have received from anyone else.  Dr. Connall's skills are not matched in Portland and I recommend his to anyone and everyone.
"I'm extremely happy with how everything turned out. To say the results were incredible - would be an understatement. There are endless benefits to the LASIK. Thank you, Dr. Moosa!"
"Dr. Ursea has diagnoses my two year old sick daughter with celiac disease while she was a diagnostic dilema. My other children have been scoped by Dr. Ursea. Dr. Ursea is compasionate, detailed, kind and has superrb endoscopic skills. We love her. Her nurses are fabulous and fast to respond to our needs."
"doc semet is for me,, good doctor ,and all around nice guy"
"I have diabetes and could not see out of either eye...I was told I had bleeding in both eyes.\nI saw Dr Taher and within one week he had operated on both eyes and now I am back to work and can see again! God Bless YOU, Dr Taher!"
"Great doctor, he re constructed my nose perfectly"
"Dr, Ghitelman is not only extremely professional and knowledgeable, but he is also detail oriented and has the necessary patience  to listen to you and explain in detail your health situation."
"Dr. Zacharek is a pleasure to talk to.  I was referred to him by my primary care physician, to discuss a sinus problem.  My nose had been broken before, and had been worked on twice.  He took time and discussed at length the specifics of reconstruction.  I appreciated his easy going manner and full explainations of each step. It is a procedure that you don't look forward to - especially if you have had it twice already.  To have someone care enough to take the time makes a lot of difference. He referred me to a nose specialist (he is a specialist on the insides of the sinuses), and I feel all will go well now.  I would certainly recommend him."
"On 9/5 Dr.Glatt performed my Breast Reduction procedure. \n \nI was pleasantly astonished by the results.  Dr. Glatt exceeded any expectations I had and left me speechless.  For 8 years I have been in physical pain due to the weight my breasts have put on my shoulders and neck. Emotionally, I was exhausted from the looks and comments people had every time they looked at me.  \nSince my surgery, and for the first time in years, I have not had a headache, neck or back pain.  This whole experience has been life changing.  There was no pain from the reduction and recovery has been much quicker than I expected.  \n \nDr. Glatt focuses on what you want to focus on, he does not cross the boundary trying to sell you on another procedure unless YOU ask for it.  In the past few days and as I meet people, they made comments such as: â€œYour eyes are so blue are you wearing colored contacts?â€,they finally started looking at my face instead of my bust line, It feels great.\n\nDr. Glattâ€™s staff is a great example of professio"
Very helpful! Comforting and willing to ask all questions about my melanoma. Doctors on call after hours to answer all my questions I had about my stitches.
Best Doc I have ever seen
"I had a bilateral mastectomy with immediate reconstruction (nipple sparring) with Dr. Cetrulo. The results are amazing, not only was recovery easy and short, I can honestly say my ""replacements"" look better than the original. Dr. Cetrulo was caring, informed my family while I was recovering and has been amazing to deal with."
"I can't say enough about how much healthier I have become under the care of Dr. Nordquist. He listens closely to everything I have to say, and although he speaks quickly, to NOT mistake that for rushing your appointment. He's an amazing multi-tasking type - but will slow himself to look at you to explain any question or concern. He helps piroritize treatments, and he encourages healthy changes that will work in cooperation with any medication he chooses to prescribe.\n\nHe treats my husband as well, and we both appreciate how he treats you like a person, and uses a common sense approach to medicine.  You leave his office feeling that he is truly interested in your health."
Dr. Dow was very thorough when explaining my diagnosis and treatment.  I would recommend my family to him.
"Dr. Adams repaired a sports-related injury to my shoulder.  I was warned by friends that this repair would be painful but, to my surprise, I had very little to no post-surgical pain and the repair was very successful.  After 10 months my repaired shoulder feels the same as my other shoulder and, through through diligent training, I have recovered 95 to 99% of the strength and endurance in my repaired shoulder that I have in the other shoulder.  I feel absolutely no residual discomfort.  I would highly recommend him (and have to my friends)."
"I always have so much trouble finding a good mechanic, doctor, or good anything else for that matter.  I eventually can find ""good"", but to find ""excellent"" is even far more rare.  Dr. Ngo gives me a chance to speak and express the complexities of my pain.  He's not another doctor that just tells me ""take these pills and go see a phsyciatrist"".  My problems that exist are like a shadow in the dark.  That is where other doctors have failed me in dismissing a diagnosis that is not obvious as a ""non-existent condition"".  Of course, it helps Dr. Ngo to review my documented medical history of problems that I've been suffering from.  (The review was at my request to prove my poblems were pre-exsisting).  Many agree that I'm too young for this problem to be happening to me.  My age was my largest vexation and quite possibly one of the biggest contributors to my condition going untreated and deteriorating after so long.  I got so used to doctors telling me ""you're young you'll be fine"" that I began to neglect my body"
Dr. Mateo is an excellent doctor. His surgical skills have enabled a much better quality of life and the avoidance of loss of limb and life. He is willing to listen to his patients and to explain the medical needs that they have in terms that a non-physician understands. He is a very caring individual who is concerned with the maintaining of a good quality of life.
DR REINERTSEN - MARKU IS A REAL MENSH! HE IS  PATIENT AND CONCERN. HE ALWAYS FINDS A WAY TO HELP AND GIVE LIVE A NEW PERSPECTIVE. I LOVE HIM. AND RECOMMEND IM TO ALL WHO NEED HIS PROFFESIONAL HELP.
I had the best experience with Dr. Szabo. She is very thoughtful and knows her stufff! The office team is professional and her assistant is amazing. I would highly recommend seeing her.
Dr. Gardiner evaluated me as my pcp.  She managed all of my healthcare relating to urinary tract infection which required hospitalization.  She was very attentive to me and my condition and advised me on alternative supplements for preventative care and wellness.  Her manner is very professional and very responsive.  I highly recommend her.
"Dr. McCallum has been my personal physician for the last 10 years. You will not find a more attentive and knowledgeable physician. He always takes the time to fully listen when I have an issue about my health. His care and treatment I have never had cause to question. As my teenage children have become adults, I have also transitioned their care to him. I have 100% confidence in his abilities and know that he always goes above and beyond. For any appointment I have, he is always ready for me at the appropriate time and comes to that appointment knowledgeable and aware of my past history. We don't spend any time having to ""refresh his memory"" about my prior care because he is already aware of this. Dr. McCallum is a true professional and cares for his patients as if we were one of his children. You will not find a better physician."
"I have always had a fear of dentists, but Dr Wong has completely changed  my outlook on dentists. The girls at the front desk are always so sweet, the assistants are very nice and efficient. Having my xrays taken has never been easier! Both of the hygienists are very detail oreinted and gentle. I would recommend this office to anyone in the Eastside, I guarantee you- the drive is worth every minute!"
Dr. Fien has the best bedside manner of any dentist or doctor that I've been to.  He was very thorough with his exam and explained several treatment options to help correct my teeth.  I highly recommend him and will continue to go to him for all my dental implants in the future.  Thanks again Dr. Fien - I hope you see this sometime.
A good dentist who was very helpful and skilled but seamed a little pushy at times and too much like an advertisement.
dr evens is one of the best dentist in the world i would not go any where else but to him he doesnt hurt you and keep asking if you r all right.
Dr. Scharf is unusual in that he is a cheerful perfectionist. I've been a patient for many years and he's helped me and my family in many ways. A Great Cosmetic Practitioner and a great friend.
This is the most amazing dental experience I have ever had.    Top notch spa like feel with professional and warm office staff. Dr Rosen is painless and a perfectionist recreating my smile.   My entire family now goes to him !!!!
"She has taken the time to know me and understands my life and career.  She takes her time with me and I would assume every patient she has, she does the same.  I am not a child, but if I had one, I would not take the baby to anyone else.  I have had a few surgeries in the past five years and she has referred to the best surgeons in the DFW/FTW area.  She will know who this is when she reads the review.  I am her ""Freak of Nature"".  I respect her and her staff and they are very caring towards the patients.  When the Dr calls you personally to check on your status, you have to give them credit.  Not only did she call me, but the surgeon she recently recommended me to did the same.  As much as I like ""Nurse Donna"", when she called me herself, I respected her more.  You cannot go wrong with this Dr and this is the first time I have ever rated a Dr.  I am 49 years old and I never want another Dr."
"After takeing numerous drugs for 5 years with no help I went to Dr. Jackson and finally had help. The solution was not a cure, but something that I could live with. I realize that sometimes there are no fixes, but solutions that make life better. He is a no BS kind of Dr. and that makes him good."
Diagnosed and fixed my problem. Great radiologist and interventional radiologist.
"I have had four children. I used another local obgyn for the first two and was unhappy so I asked around and Frank/Francis was highly recommended. I was extremely satisfied with his bedside manner, humor and overall concern that he has for all his pt.s. I have recommended him to all my sisters...so all 5 of us use him and are very happy!!"
"Dr. Michael Colvard is absolutely the most talented and wonderful doctor my husband and I have encountered. Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  We bothÃ‚Â  have had bilateral cataractectomies and lens implants recently, and as a retired health care professional, I recognize superior practices and procedures.Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  \n\nDr. Colvard and his entire staff, both in his office and at his Vision (surgery) Center are professional, knowledgeable, extremely kind and caring, efficient, and all have a great sense of humor.Ã‚Â Ã‚Â  Additionally,Ã‚Â  Dr. Colvard teaches his finely developed surgical procedures to other ophthalmologists, has designed a variety ofÃ‚Â  instruments, of which the ""Pupillometer"", used preoperatively, is used by many other eye surgeons.Ã‚Â  \n\nHe has collected multiple awards, including best doctor,Ã‚Â  andÃ‚Â  has founded the ""Friends of Vision Foundation"" which takes him to third world countries on a regular basis to perform pro bono procedures for people who otherwise would be without sight.\n\nIn case you are wondering: th"
"Dr. Levine delivered both my babies and my oldest just graduated from high school. He's so caring, takes his time to answer questions. I've sent all my friends to him over the years and he's delivered their babies as well. We all love him!"
He has done a major and complicated operation on me and I had no problems and I am back to normal. He has also operated on my mother and my sister and they love him.
"Anyone looking for a first class surgeon should look first and last at Dr. Cooper.  I had a facelift 6 months ago and am absolutely thrilled with my result.  I was so nervous that I would look pulled and over done.  But I look 15 years younger and completely natural.  Thank you, thank you, thank you Dr. Cooper.  Also another bonus...his staff is awesome.  They're so warm and friendly."
"After numerous surgeries over 10+ years Dr. Dobkin truly fixed the mistakes of other surgeons.  I'd been told for years it was my fault, failed back surgery syndrome and there was nothing that could be done.  I lived outside of state at the time and flew in to see Dr. Dobkin and was told only surgery could fix my problem.  What a God send.  Now two years later, after living with severe pain for 19 years I am essentially back pain free.  I will never be 100%, but emphasize, if you had asked me 3-4 years ago if I could believe I would have so little back pain I wouldn't have believed you.  I encourage you to see Dr Dobkin before any further surgeries, as his specialty is fixing what other surgeons damage or haven't fixed."
"As someone who has suffered from acne all my life, Dr Shehadeh is the best dermatologist  I have ever had. His technique to remove pimples and spots, albeit painful, is thorough, surgical and leaves no scars. I am so sorry I no longer live in Lebanon to be treated by him."
"Dr. Barrett has performed two Anterior Hip Replacements on me in the past 18 months. Both have had excellent results and I am back to near normal functioning. Dr. Barrett's staff is both extremely caring and skilled at what they do. After Dr. Barrett successfully completed my first hip replacement, I had no second thoughts about choosing him for my second. My second hip replacement and recovery went even better than the first. I have been recommending to all I know who are considering hip replacement surgery to choose the anterior approach and Dr. Barrett."
Saved my husbands Life
"I have never trusted any doctor as much as I trust Dr. Dean. He is personable and extremely friendly. He makes it obvious that he cares about every patient and makes it his priority to do whatever it takes to make you better. I have been to many doctors in my life, and I will stick with Dr. Dean for as long as I possibly can."
"Dr. Pekarek is excellent. When he left private practice to join the VA Clinic medical team, I signed up with the VA so that I could continue to visit Dr. Pekarek for all my medical needs."
He took excellent care of me and listened to my questions and concerns
So your child has suffered forever. No one is helping and you think your poor child will always suffer. Then you get sent to dr ramlall. And magically your child is better. He's amazing. My daughter is no longer bedridden from a cold. No emerg visits since we started seeing him. Excellent follow up!  He looks at the whole patient. Asks the parents what they think. Does tons of testing. Always remembers who you are when he walks in the room. There is no one better. Period
"I love doctor Burstein. Very knowledgeable, friendly. No waiting, very prompt."
Dr Goff and her staff at the SCCA are awesome.  I was sent to Dr Goff and she operated on me right away.  she organized my chemotherapy and enrolled me into a clinical trial.  I have now been free of cancer for over 2 years and I am so grateful to Dr Goff and the excellent staff at the SCCA.  It really is the best place to get cancer therapy
"I had a mini face lift with Dr. Pontell and was very happy with the results and with my treatment by the Dr, and his staff.  I would definitely go back!"
"I had my breast done by Dr. Connal, I would recommend him highly! Everyone there were wonderful"
Wonderful! Far better result than I had expected. The first class staff and facilities made for a pain free experience.
I would only recommend this Dr. if you have very excellent medical insurance coverage and one that he pre-approved. It has been my experience that he does not accepts some insurance and would like to be paid up-front. There has been incidents were he took care of patients and billing and extreemly inflated bill for patient to pay.
"Thank you Doctor kirk prather, I had a surgery in 2010. He was able to get me down and stay down they you Dr. kirk. i was scared to death he made me feel better."
"Referred for shoulder pain. Was carefully examined, diagnosis and different options clearly presented. Encourages a conservative approach."
Dr. Park is an amazing and talented doctor. I can honestly say he has changed my life. I am able to do things I would never of done before like take my kids to the pool and feel confident in the way I look.  I had breast augmentation/ reconstruction surgery and couldn't be happier with my results. I also had some fat grafting done  to assist in the reconstruction of my left breast.  I am very pleased with the  results of that as well. Dr. Park is a caring doctor who sincerely wants to help his patients.  He listened to my needs and concerns and made me feel very comfortable.  You will be in excellent hands using Dr. Park. I highly recommend him.
Dr lEe is a very kind and helpful doctor who listened to me.
"I have had the best experience with my breast augmentation and with Dr. Glatt.\n\nAfter years of debating whether or not to get a ""boob job"" I decided to go to a consultation with Dr. Glatt.  He was patient with my massive amount of questions, and very honest with what the experience and the results would be like.  I asked him for data regarding the surgery and he was able to provide it.  He never once pressured me into the surgery and encouraged me to think about it and take my time.\n\nBetsy was very helpful in answering my questions over the next 4 months until I decided that I was ready to book my surgery.  Even after I booked the surgery, she was great in making sure all my questions were answered.\n\nThe actual surgery experience itself was pleasant and I felt very safe and in good hands.  A reflexologist came and rubbed my feet before hand which I especially loved.  The night after my surgery, Dr. Glatt called me himself to make sure I was doing well.\n\nCurrently, I am four weeks out of surgery, and could not"
Dr Perez has a great bedside manner. He is patient and realistic and does not set false expectations. He is very knowledgeable and suggests the appropriate treatment options. We had no problems at his practice and on our way to have our first baby. We highly recommend him to other couples seeking infertility treatments.
"This guy is truly an amazing doctor.  It was my first visit with him at the Veteran's Administration in Manchester, NH today.   He was incredibly thorough, professional, knowledgeable, gentle and kind.  I highly, highly recommend him."
By far the most understanding and relatable psych I have ever had. He shows he care bc he is interested in really helping you not just money. Don't let him fool you this doc def. knows his stuff and the fact that he is Spanish speaking as well. His wife works on site as his therapist option.
"First off Dr. Modad excepts all insurance even Medicaid. My first meeting with Dr. Modad was great. She and her staff are so friendly and nice. warm and kind hearted. I went to her for bleeding and bad cramping. I am in menapause so that shouldn^t have been happening. I was diagnosed with a large tummer.I had to have a biopsy done and it was done right in the office. It was convenient not to have to go somewhere else for a test. I was scared, nervous, and I didn^t know what to expect from a new doctor. Dr. Modad was very proffesonal and had great bedside manners and she made me feel very comfortable. Her staff is alway^s smiling and friendly. They all treat you like people not patients. My grandaughter loves going to the office because it smells good, very clean, and she loves the toy^s and it^s a beautiful office. The staff are friendly with kids. I recomend all woman to go to Dr.Modad. And like I said she excepts ALL insurance even Medicaid. I feel like Dr. Modad is a friend not a doctor."
I had my first visit with the doctor and cannot wait until next week when I have my first proce\ndure
"Dr Adams fixed both of my shoulders and they each had extensive damage. He will repair the internal problem and then if you follow his post op procedures (icing, stretching, physical therapy) you will be as good as new. Cannot recommend him HIGHLY enough!!\n\nPS The overall rating system on this webpage has sofware flaws. I gave him a five star rating for each category and his overall rating should read EXCELLENT."
Truly a life changing event.  My main challenge with Lasik was getting the courage to actually go and do it.  From the second I walked in the door at the Laservue I felt like I had made the right decision.  My technician was extremely knowledgeable and professional.  She answered every question I had in my mind before I could ask it.  Returning on the day of the surgery I was confident and relaxed and it really was one of the easiest and painless procedures I have ever done.  Dr. Bansal is amazingly polite and calming and the procedure was a snap.  Immediately after I sat up and opened my eyes for the first time I couldn't believe that I could see so clearly already.  Recovery time was quick and painless and I can't thank Dr. Bansal and his staff enough. I highly recommend them to anyone thinking about Lasik.
"Dr Delman performed a biopsy on me. He was very thorough and took time to answer questions both before and after the biopsy. It was nearly painless, and would have been completely pain-free if the lidocaine didn't hurt. I could only tell when he was getting new speciems for pathology when he warned me--otherwise I wouldnt have known. I appreciate that."
"I wholeheartedly endorse Dr Kelli Holloway as a highly skilled ethical psychiatrist. She has the unique ability to relate to you in a very personable down to earth manner in building a safe trusting therapeutic relationship. I find her very caring, empathic, non judgmental, and most importantly a skilled listener.\nShe provides a very safe, comfortable environment.\nI recommend her without reservation as an exceptionally skilled psychiatrist dedicated to her patients."
"I couldn't be more pleased with my first visit. Unlike many other medical offices, you will be treated with respect and a gentle manner. The office staff are very courteous."
"Dr. Gardiner spent almost 1 hour reviewing my health and identified natural supplements and alternative medicines to deal with my symptoms.  She listened carefully to my history, asked a lot of questions, and made me feel like she wanted to know everything.  I have had doctors who did not listen and just wrote a prescription and they are now ex-doctors; this is the service I expect.  I highly recommend her."
"The experience I had with Dr. Moradzadeh as my surgeon was phenomenal. His unmatched craft coupled with his amazing bedside manner made for a very pleasant experience. Dr. Moradzadeh has gone above and beyond to achieve the absolute best and natural results possible. \n\nOne year ago, Dr. Moradzadeh performed a septoplasty/rhinoplasty on me. I was an athlete all through school and broke my nose multiple times while playing softball. After college, I wanted to pursue my modeling career but missed a lot of opportunities because of the external deformity of my nose. I saw a few local Facial Plastic Surgeons but after meeting with them, I never felt comfortable enough to commit. I was later given Dr. Moradzadeh's name from a friend that trained with him at Washington University during residency. After calling and speaking with his office staff, I immediately knew a trip to California was warranted. Meeting Dr. Moradzadeh and talking to him about the surgery and what to expect immediately put me at ease. I was extre"
Great dentist.  Very patient and is thorough with his treatment explanations.  He always puts me at ease.
"I have been going to Dr. Franko for many years and I am 100% honest when I say that she is absolutely amazing. She has the most gentle touch, she truly cares about you as an individual and she really takes the time to describe everything in detail and gives you options! She's completely honest and does everything to make you happy. Her staff is great as well. You instantly become attached to these wonderful people. They are completely out of network, but I file on my own through insurance and get reimbursed. The cost is average, like any other dental office, the facilities are nice and welcoming. During a procedure, if water gets on my face or material after an impression, she immediately takes it off instead of letting me sit there with the crap on my face. I get my teeth cleaned every 3 months, I've had many white fillings done and a few crowns and I have NEVER been in pain, disappointed, or upset with my results!"
Dr. Sherri and her staff are beyond amazing. Everyone is exceptionally nice and welcoming. The office is cute and very maintained. Highly recommended! Great people.
"Everything about this dental office puts your mind at ease. The staff are so kind and answer all of your questions. Their scheduling is always prompt and accommodating. And I genuinely felt as if I was being cared for. If you ever have to have any type of oral surgery, you are truly missing out on a wonderful experience if you don't come to Dr. Adams."
Dr. Scharf has done all of my cosmetic work. I have been a patient of Dr. Scharf's since August of 1992. I have lived all over the country and I travel back to Exton only to see Dr. Scharf. I now live in New Jersey and still after all these years I still travel more than 2 hours each way to see him for all of my dental needs. Need I say more....
Years and years of frustration concerning my teeth are finally gone. Thank you for being so compassionate and understanding. My crowns are Awesome!!!!  I will never be afraid of the dentist again.
"I had to change doctors because I changed insurance. For over a year, I have suffered from sporatic seneations thar I am about to faint. These last for an instant and occur often but I do not pass out. These episodes are frightening. I am afraid to drive. I have told several doctors about this condition but none offered help. Doctor Cunningham suggested that I wear compressing stockings (Knee length support hose) and cut down on my medicine for swelling in my ankles. I ordered the Kneehighs from a catalog (much,much cheaper). \n\nI have worn them  for nearly two months. My ankles are no longer swollen and sore and I have cut medicine for swelling in half. Tugging on support panty hose is exhausting (I am old and the stockings have a lot of lycra in them). I ordered thigh high stockings but have not gotten up enough courage to put them on. The local medical supply stores  will charge an arm and a leg for the same stockings you can buy on line or catolog for a reasonable price. Talk to your doctor about these sto"
"Dr. Johnston is a wonderful, compassionate person and Dr.  He thinks outside of the box and approaches medicine in a totally different way than any Doctor I have ever been to.  He is brilliant and truely cares about your well being .  He lives by example and encourages you to take care of yourself to prevent illness. I admire him for his professionalism and for the love of medicine he demonstrates by taking the time to really speak with you at length and determine the best resolve to any issue you are having.  He has studied medicine at many levels and still continues to keep current with new medical information.   I am a 54 year old woman and by taking the bio identical hormones and vitamins he recommended to me, I feel better than I did when I was younger."
Best doctor I have ever seen!
"I have seen Dr. Tillman for both of my pregnancies. I liked her so much that with my second son I traveled nearly an hour one way for each appointment just to keep seeing her. If I have a third child, I will do the same thing even if I live further away! I have never been more comfortable with an OBGYN or felt like they were my ""friend"" upon walking into her office. She always remembers me, even if its been over a year and she has seen thousands of patients since me. LOVE HER!"
Dr. Cooper was generous with his time helping me to understand my needs.  In the past he performed PRK surgery with excellent results.  I am planning to have the same surgery on the other eye.
"Dr. Cortina is very personable and readily available to answer any and all question regarding yoru condition, he makes it very clear from the start that your cares and concerns are his priority.  He has excellent bedside manner and will happily take calls at all hours of the night to help meet your needs or calm your concerns or anxiety.  His office medical and office staff anre cheery and friendly.  They really make you feel comfortable! Dr. Cortina has delivered all 3 of my children and he reassures you every step of the way, always patient and willing to tell you whats going on every minute of every second of delivery.. {All 3 children were cecerean.. high risk due to my pre-exsisting condition}"
"Dr Frank B. Pomposelli Jr preformed a rare surgery on me in 2002, it was an emergency.  I now have appointments with him once a year.\nHe is the best there is."
"I am happy with both surgeries performed by Dr Cooper! I had an upper & lower blepharoplasty (excess fat removed from eye lids & under eyes) and breast augmentation. Dr Cooper and his staff did a great job preparing me for the surgeries, and my care afterwards was excellent! I am very pleased with my results! I highly recommend Dr Cooper, he is a very skilled surgeon, he is genuinely concerned with his patient's safety and satisfaction, and he is very personable. \nHe has a great office and medical staff - everyone I have met at his office and surgery center are professional and caring people."
he did my lower back both sides put in 2 screws on one side put 3 screws on the other side never took a pain pill walk out of the hosp in 2 days never took a pill for pain he is the best ever. this whas when he was in sayer pa I will miss him very much
"Dr. Wackym is an excellent surgeon. He performed endolymphatic sac decompression surgeries on both ears. It allowed me to re-enter the world in a way that I had not previously been able. I still have hydrops symptoms but his work (and that of my prior surgeon, Dr. Black) has allowed me to emerge slowly back into life and I was able to move to Santa Fe for continued healing."
Dr. Barrett was recommended by a friend who had successful knee replacement surgery several months previously. From the first appointment on Dr. Barrett and his staff were wonderful. He replaced both my knees in April 2011 and the results have been excellent.
"Dr. Weber is a physician/healer He is not only extremely competent, he is also compassionate and is a humanitarian. He truly cares about people. His heart is in his work. I would recommend him to my dearest beloved."
"I had under gone triplple open Heart Surgery by another S.I Hospital's Surgon in Jan 2004, it was found 2 arteries were not done & I suffered a lot because of this..\n\nDr Srinivas  Duwuri put 2 Stents in my Heart in June 2005, since than I am OK. To me he is the best in the World."
"Great, friendly Dr. Staff is professional and courteous. Other than the old office building, everything was up to par. I would definitely recommend Dr. Berndt"
"Dr. Schmidt is an excellent doctor. She does a good job at proactively managing my health care. She always spends plenty of time with me. I never feel rushed or like she is too busy to treat me. It is easy to get in to see her. Her nurse, Amy is also very easy to deal with too. On the whole, I am very happy to have her for my general practice physician."
"My husband was a patient of Dr. Spellberg, recently. We both have nothing but praise and gratitude for his care and generosity. We highly recommend him to others whoÃ¢â‚¬â„¢re suffering from prostate-related issues."
Very caring psychiatrist. He listens and explains things in a very easy manner to understand. He does not judge you.
"I have known Dr. Smith for over 16 years.  In my life time, I am 67, I have seen over 47 doctors.  Dr. Smith ranks amongst the top 3.  He will not abandon you when the diagnosis becomes extremely difficult.  He will treat you with respect and assist you in making medical decisions.  He is always there when you need him.  He explains things to you in laymanâ€™s terms.  From my experience, one will not find a more insightful, intelligent and decent physician/person in the Winchester, Va. area."
This is truly a caring and competent doctor!  Truly one of the best in his field.
"Of all the Doctors I have dealt with over the past 65 years, Dr Smith is by far the most professional and personable.  This is the 6th time I have had sinus surgery (first by Smith) and this is the first time I felt it was done properly.  Additionally, all of the staff in his office were top notch.  Dr Smith not only has a very professional approach, he is also very down to earth, and is very willing and able to answer all questions and concerns.  I will not only return to him for any future work, I highly reccomend him to anyone needing this type of treatment.  I had to travel from Alaska to Oregon for the treatment, but would not hesitate to do it again."
"I just want to thank you once more for the operation. It's helping me pick up pieces of my life, I'm studying something I never thought of with my -13.00 spectacles. Thanks again!"
"Absolutely the most wonderful doctor. So knowledgeable, and listens carefully to the patient in order to make diagnosis and treatment plan. She is superlatively smart.I cannot say enough wonderful things about this doctor! I complete confidence in any treatment she recommends. She takes the time to learn about you and your symptoms, calls you and/or returns your calls when needed, and answers/explains things in a manner that is easily understandable. She has a fantastic bedside manner making you feel comfortable and cared for.She treated me before and after a thyroid cancer operation and I can only say that I am thankful that I was refered to her.Thank you Dr. Zahedi . Â Â Â Â Zahra Elmi"
Dr.morris has been my doc for 2 years. He is very knowledgable.explains everything and answered all my questions so I can understand. I am confident he will decide the proper and best treatment for me.
"I had aortic valve replacement surgery performed on 2/27/12. There were no complications and I left the hospital after 8 hours in the ICU and 4 days of recovery in the cardiac acute care unit.\n\nEveryone in Dr. Slater's office is knowledgeable, compassionate and very helpful.Dr Slater is very easy to speak with and is a ""straight-shooter"". He took the time to answer every question I asked and his answers were detailed yet easy to understand.\n\nHe and his staff are simply the best.I couldn't have asked for a better team of professionals to help me through one of the most difficult times of my life. My wife and I will be forever grateful to Dr. Slater and his entire team for everything they've done.\n\nI can also honestly say that all of the comments I made above apply to everyone that cared for me in the ICU and in the CACU. They're the best."
My experience with Dr Park was amazing! I couldn't be happier with my results!! I would definitely recommend him!
"Dr. Kim and his associates treated my father's cancer.  Never was easy to understand the details of the cancer care, but everything went as expected."
"From the initial consultation to my most recent follow up appointment, my experience with Dr. Glatt has been nothing short of amazing. After years of being unhappy with my breasts but too scared to pull the trigger on surgery, I finally decided to undergo an augmentation. I had consultations with many surgeons in NJ and one in the city before I decided to go with Dr. Glatt. Besides being an outstanding, talented surgeon, he is patient, kind and compassionate. He spent all the time I needed to answer my many, many questions and address all of my many concerns prior to having the surgery. Instead of pressuring me to go with one size over another like some other surgeons that I met with, he left the decision completely up to me and boy did he deliver! He did insist that I bring in photos demonstrating the breast size that I desired so that he could best achieve my goals. We reviewed the photos and discussed my goals at length before my surgery. I am beyond thrilled with the results. Dr. Glatt and his staff are t"
"Dr. Khan is very knowledgeable, courteous and kind.  He has helped me with a variety of issues including depression and anxiety/OCD.  I feel heard when he listens and I never feel rushed."
"Dr. Noor, several times, as been my attending physician. In all instances, she never rushed me and was keen on asking questions and verifying how I felt. She did not merely gloss over me and I felt like a person, not simply a patient."
"Dr. Cape has been my OB for two years.  She will be delivering my second child soon.  She is kind and very knowledgeable.  She takes time to talk to you and she's a normal person.  MKMG is a very busy practice, and yes, sometimes there is a wait, but that's more the fault of the practice and how they schedule their doctors.  Usually, I am in and out with no problems.  As to the cost complaints by the negative reviewer, that's life.  Doctor's visits are expensive.  Anywhere you go in Westchester would be the same.  Luckily, she accepts my insurance and many others."
Dr Freeman operated on my torn rotator cuff after months of conservative efforts. He was terrific and very patient . The results are great
"If Dr Mompi had not understood that there was something else wrong with my cousin, he would probably be a vegetable or dead.   It did not make any sense to him that my cousin kept getting abdominal abcesses so he had him transfered to Tampa General from Kindred instead of to a nursing home.   Tampa General found that his 'abcesses' were actually a nicked ureter that was leaking urine into his abdomen because of a surgeon's error.  He saved his life.  The wait time in his office is worth it for the care he gives you"
"I am a 55 yr. old female and I have never spent more than 5 minutes\nin a room with a doctor until I went to Dr. Payne.  She spends an hour,\nan hour and a half, or how ever long you need.  She wants to know \neverything about your health.   She makes sure your taking care of.\nShe is #1 in my opinion!"
"Dr Barnes actually listened to me and asked questions about my condition. He was understanding and told me about the benefits and side effects when using medical marijuana. I felt very comfortable in his office. When I arrived I was greeted and given a nice cold bottle of water. There was soft lighting and soothing music playing. Tons of articles, pamphlets and brochures about different conditions and how marijuana can help. They also have cookbooks and growing books available and marijuana vaporizers. My mom is dying of cancer and I am bringing her in next week for an appointment. Thank you Dr. Barnes for being there. You don't know how great it is to be able to get out of my bed and actually live my life."
I have used Dr. Baker's office for the birth of all four of my children. He is a phenomenal Dr.
"I started seeing Dr. Holloway for therapy in 2003 after 4 months of being  hospitalized.  I have dealt with depression since 8 years old, now I am 62.  I have been in treatment most of my life but never able to heal.  Dr. Holloway was able to diagnose my illness with a different more effective pathway.  I was prepared for suicide and doing cutting.  I was having disassociation with two other people who were actually me just helping get through the day.  I suffered a great deal from startle reflex, hyper-awareness, anxiety, eating disorder and provided myself with a aura of living in a glass box to be safe.  My mental and physical abuse started very early with my earliest memories being about 6.  I had to learn to read everyone around me to avoid the response which often did not work.  This would range from withholding food, not talking to me for days, screaming, isolation and withdrawal of any form of nurturing.  I worked very hard to be loved.  Of course that was a tool to be falsely seen in ""public"" but qui"
She was much better than another dermatologist I had seen a few years back. Would be glad to see her again or to recommend her to others.
"Decent Hospital, has everything e.g. Xray, CT, MRI, labs, physical therapy...\nI've been seeing him since 2011, and short waiting time always surprises me. You don't have enough time to read magazines in the waiting room. Anyhow, my thyroid and diabetes is under good &tight control with less medicine I used to take and I'm satisfied with him."
"Dr. Eswara is kind, explained my condition to me in a way that I could understand, and always made me feel comfortable. I felt that I could trust him, that he had my best interests in mind."
"Dr. Bill Wong is such a great dentist! He is caring, gentle and takes the time to explain everything in detail.  I saw Dr Bill for some fillings and i loved that i was in and out and it was painless. I highly recommend seeing Dr. Bill Wong."
"Clean office that always smells great! I had been to see a few oppinions for my daughter's braces. She didn't seem to care for the female doctor's like I thought she would, but I am happy to say she loved Dr Freeman! The staff is sweet and provide a fun atmosphere for people of all ages. I have sent many firends & they love him too!"
Dr. Sherri is the kindest and most gentle cosmetic dentist I have ever been to in my life. The office staff has always been very nice to me too. I highly recommend her services to everyone!
"This is simply the best office I have personally ever been to.  Dr. Dalton makes sure that the numbing shot for the fillings is pain free.  I appreciate that a lot since the dentist I used to use did not numb from the shot and the shots were very painful.  The ""girls"" that work in the office to assist Dr. Dalton are all very friendly and have taught me a lot about my teeth.  They make you feel like family there.  The receptionist has always called me by my first name when I arrive and the same for my husband.  Also they always ask about my children.  I have had to take my children to the office with me and instead of acting as though they are an inconveniance, they gave them coloring books and crayons and a few toys to play with.  They are wonderful!"
"Dr. Scharf is a perfectionist, listens to his patients concerns and achieves what the patient desires. This is why I drive 4 plus hours to come see him for my dental work."
"Altruism. Dr. Pamela Hanson epitomizes this quality to the highest degree. Selfless, compassionate, always having gone the extra mile for me as her patient, Dr. Hanson delighted me every visit with her warm, genuine smile and loving touch. She has impacted my life and is not only my doctor but has become a dear friend.\n\nExtremely devoted to her patients and staff, Dr. Hanson has created an atmosphere of joy, kindness, and excellence and I am greatly blessed to have been under her care for so many years."
After struggling with ED caused by prostate surgery I went to see Dr. Cornell for help.\n\nDr. Cornell advised me of my treatment options and took the time to answer all of my questions.\n\nHighly recommended!
"The best fertility clinic that I ever dealt with. They care about their patients as much they care for themselves. They are straightforward.\nAlways on time. When I had question, they were prepared and sweet about it. Always on call. I had an emergency during the evening. Jo called me while it was after hours. Totally caring staff. Very polite and straight-forward. Very understanding when it comes to the billing part. I didn't have my payment on hand, they were very helpful and understanding. \nThe entire staff is awesome. I love each and everyone. Dr. Johnson and Dr. Khurram treat us like family. Jo is a sweetheart. I will miss her sweetness and casual chat about my condition. Sean awesome hard-worker. He is out magician. And the nurses and front desk ladies are totally sweet and friendly. I will miss them all...but until next time. :)"
"In April 2004, I was diagnosed with a HIGH possibility of stroke by the ViaScan doctors.  The rating system was 0 to 2000, and my rating was 1999,  I was immediately referred to Dr. John Osborne for further evaluation.  After a cardio cauterization, it was discovered that I had had a heart attack - at some point in my life, and my body had made it's own bypass (Dr. Osborne calls this a ""God stint"").   I was prescribed new meds and diet, and I attribute  Dr. Osborne to saving my life."
"I have been a patient of Dr. Tyson's for over 8 years and have been in full recovery from Anorexia Nervosa for over 3.  I am also currently enrolled in a Dual Master of Arts in Counseling program to obtain licensure as a Marriage and Family Therapist and Professional Counselor and have a clear understanding of the therapeutic process and the fundamental components that critical within a therapeutic relationship.  I have experienced what it is like to live with an eating disorder and nearly die from it, and have also experienced the level of manipulation and control these diseases have on the minds of someone suffering as well as on the loved ones in their lives. The awful truth is that these diseases take everything from us and override any sense of logic and reasoning which leads to a distorted belief system and an unrealistic view of reality.  We are blinded and believe that living a life without our disorder is impossible and for many life is simply not worth living.  This means that even the most kind per"
Dr Damiano has been my doctor for 25 years. He is extremely professional and caring. He performed PRK on my eyes in 1985 and since then has removed cataracts and has also done laser surgery.I would not consider going to any other doctor for treatments on my eyes.
Dr. Tom is a wonderful GYN.  He went above and beyond to diagnose\nmy issue.  I felt like no stone went unturned to help me.  He and his staff were readily available for follow questions when I left the office.  AND I was most impressed that he took the time to give me his cell phone number to follow up with any concerns I had because I was seen just before a holiday weekend.  I have recommended family and friends to see Dr. Tom.
"Doctor Schlinkert is a exceptional, thoughtful, caring person.  It is people like him that restores man's hope in humanity.  He is not only caring and thoughtful, but unique.  Living a long distance from the Mayo Clinic Hospital where I had esophageal surgery, some 14 years ago,it was just recently (2011) that  I encountered a serious medical issue and had no where to turn to.....I placed a call to Dr. Schlinkert's office in Arizonia.....and to my surprise ( I must say shock) within a matter of 20 minutes or so, the doctor was on the telephone, explaining several avenues I could take to hopefully remedy my problem.   The ratings of excellent does not justify how this special doctor should be classified, he is a rarity in today's world"
"awesome surgeon!  he has operated on me, my mother,  and several of my friends.  we all have great results.  he is a wonderful surgeon and person."
Dr. Wohns is my hero!  He performed an artificial disc replacement surgery on my neck at the end of last year and I couldn't be happier with the results.  I would highly recommend Dr. Wohns to all of my family and friends.  I feel lucky to have found him.
"Dr. Wackym diagnosed our son with Superior Canal Dehiscence Syndrome and performed a middle fossa craniotomy surgery to repair the dehiscence.  Prior to being diagnosed and having the surgery, our son suffered for over a year from severe headaches, nausea and dizziness.  After seeing numerous doctors who were all unable to diagnose our sons sickness, we were referred to Dr. Wackym.  Dr. WackymÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s professionalism and care for his patients is phenomenal.  He is compassionate, thorough in all of his work and humble.  Thanks to Dr. Wackym, since having the surgery, our son has been able to live and play as a child should, and is pain free!"
"The mourning of surgery I was pretty nervous, the staff and Dr Barrett made me feel a lot calmer. From the surgery through my stay in the Hospital and into the post op appointments every one was outstanding. I really endorse Dr Barrett and the entire staff. In June I will have my left Knee Replaced and I know the experience will be same."
"Dr. Weber is truly one of a kind. He very knowledgeable, and will explain your condition/treatment until you completely understand. He will never rush you and is very through. If you find the need for a rheumatologist, I highly recommend him."
He is not only your Doctor but he is also your partner and a part of your team.
"She was my primary care physician before she moved. Definitely the best doctor I've ever had. Not only is she excellent at her work, she is a very kind, friendly person. I've never felt had a doctor make me feel as comfortable and assured as Dr Talmo."
"I saw Dr. Johnson just last week. Was seeking reassurance for the onset of a recent irregularity. He is running relevant tests, but was quick to throw in both objective and subjective information to help curb my fears.  I didn't feel rushed. It was also very clear that he is down to earth and a good communicator."
"Dr. Waring is not only a great surgeon, but has a very kind and personable bedside manner.  He spends as much time as necessary to explain things, and never made me feel rushed.  He is caring and compassionate.  I would highly recommend him!"
"My son was a patient of Dr Harris at Altamonte pediatrics for several years. Dr Harris is very knowledgeable, caring, devoted, dedicated,with a great bedside manner. My son was a baby and was never scared or unwilling to see Dr Harris. Dr Harris was available for appt on Saturdays and in emergencies. I recommend Dr Harris highly and Altamonte Pediatrics is also a great organization."
"Dr. V as his staff and patients know him, is VERY knowledgable and cares deeply for his patients. At times he seems a bit harsh in his bedside manner, but usually only because he is in such demand, he's always busy, and can come off as arrogant. But any arrogance is valid, since the man KNOWS his stuff. He has saved my mom's life more than once. I'm proud to recommend him as a top-notch cardiologist."
"I called this morning for an appointment as a new patient, explaining that my sinuses where infected and had been bothersome and infected during my recent hospitalized (for almost 3 weeks) due to many complications from a prior hyperthyroid medicine that wiped out my white blood count allowing for numerous infections prior to the removal of my thyroid.   I was so happy when they said they had an afternoon slot available.  Dr. Dahm examined my sinuses, reviewed my recent hospital records on the hospital/doctor system, including a CT scan of my sinuses from during the hospitalization.  He then explained what he was going to do and he cleared my sinuses, removing the main blockage  from the right sinus that was likely the instigator of the infection in both right and left sinuses around my nose.  This infection caused swelling, redness and sensitive-to the-touch pain to my nose for which he prescribed an antibiotic  to clear up the infection and a steroid to reduce the swelling and pain.  I will return for a fol"
The kindness and care shown by Dr. Smith and his staff is exemplary.  I am pleased to have my patients under his care.
"Whenever I go to his office, he makes me feel comfortable. I had lasik in December 12 and it was one of the best decisions I ever made. The whole process was very smooth â€“ Dr. Moosa and staff were smoothe and helpful the entire way. I only wish I had done the LASIK earlier!"
I love my new body.
He is an excellent surgeon.  Answered all my questions.  I am so much better now than before I met him
Dr. Wallisa is very sweet and really listens and gives a great diagnosis.
I have had Botox injections and juvederm by Dr. Park on multiple occasion. The visits are never rushed. Dr. Park takes his time and my results are always consistently excellent. I won't go to anyone else for my Botox and fillers!!
"Dr. Ghitelman was very professional during my visit. Not only did he performed all the necessary tests but also took the time to make sure I understood what was being performed and the reasons for it.  He supervised, read, analyzed and explained the results of the stress test and the scan that was performed on me. I was treated with the importance that every patient deserves independently of the level of emergency. I felt that I was allocated all the time needed by me to fully understand my condition and the actions needed in the future. \nAll his staff (from receptionists, to technicians) was very courteous and professional. The Facility is extremely clean. Not very often one can say that its experience was pleasant at a doctor's  office. For me it was worthwhile driving 40 minutes to visit Dr. Ghitelman."
"My concern was that I had coughed up blood recently (one time). What did it mean?  Dr McKenna asked about the facts of the incident then scoped my nose and throat.  It was painless and he assured me everything looked ok, except for a small beneign cyst in the throat. Since I had already had a negative chest xray the week before, there was no need for any follow up unless it were to occur again. He listened and responded to all of my questions.  I felt he ""heard"" me. He was very professional and business-like, but was kind at the same time.  If I ever need to, I will return to him for ENT issues in the future."
"After being diagnosed with breast cancer, I needed a plastic surgeon and did not know anyone. Needless to say this was a very emotional time. Since I am a nurse and work in a hospital I decided to ask some of my associates, whose opinion I trusted, for a recommendation. I chose Dr. Glatt. I have never doubted my choice. I had a bilateral mastectomy with reconstruction.Since I needed to have chemotherapy, my treatment has taken many months. He has been with me every step of the way. He always explained everything to me and answered my questions. I always knew what was happening. There were never any surprises. Most importantly, the surgical results were amazing. I could not be more pleased. I would not hesitate to recommend him."
"I visited Dr.Khan for focus and concentration and distraction, he was very attentive and made me comfortable, his treatment very simple makes me understand myself, where I stand where I need to go,  in Dr.Khan you have the human touch which brings out the confidance and hope."
I would highly recommend Dr. Lohiya.  He is a brilliant physician and has a strong clinical background.
Dr. Cape delivered my daughter.   She was kind and kept me and my husband calm throughout the delivery.  She is wonderful and I did not pay a cent out of pocket.  I highly recommend her!
"I was diagnosed with a skull tumor six months ago. I was fortunate to receive treatment from Dr. Jain, her wonderful nursing staff and associates at Moffitt. She took a great deal of time to thoroughly answer my queastions, educate me as to my diagnosis and treatment options, and provided superior surgical treatment. I will always be grateful to her and to Moffitt Cancer Center for the care they afforded to me."
this doctor found the cause of my husband's disease that no one could find:  It's called Familial Meditierranean Fever and is treatable with a simple drug!  Thanks Dr. Greene!!!!
"I always recommend this doctor to family and friends.  He is  professional, knowledgeable, and was able to help me feel better when no one else could."
I was treated in an excellent and caring manner. Dr. Forest and his staff are true professionals and treated me wonderfully.
DR. Rechtschaffen performed a varicocelectomy on me.  He was very professional during the pre op and post op.  As well as the follow up appointments.  I would recommend him to my family and friends.
"I am eternally grateful for the counseling and support I have received from Kelli.  Over time Kelli has helped me through a number of very challenging situations, both personally and professionally. \nI can not recommend her highly enough!"
"Listens to me, treats me with all respect, very thorough, very polite. I saw 5 doctors before him, he s the only one who reached the diagnosis and got my symptoms under control."
"She was very trough about my condition , explained in details , listened to all my concerns , called for follow up , I felt very comfortable with her , her diagnosis was excellent , she is one of  the best doctor I met ."
My experience with Dr. Nayak has been very positive. When I was diagnosed with CNS lymphoma my condition was very serious. Thanks to her immediate action & target treatment I am here to tell about it.
Dr Worstman and her team are great.  I have been going to her for nearly 7 years and recently my wife switched over to Dr Worstman after we married.  I would recommend her to anyone looking for great dental care.
"Absolutely wonderful experience!  My orthodontic needs were very complex and challenging due to advanced peridontal disease that created substantial bone loss preventing most options until Dr. Freeman examined my situation and claimed to have the ability to regain enough bone mass that I could become the recipient of an implant.  Naturally I was skeptical of these claims but my Peridontist confirmed the procedure and thanks to Dr. Freeman and his staff, my braces allowed the growth of bone and I now have a natural smile!"
Dr. Sherri Worth and her staff were very courteous and efficient. The location is very convenient for me and my family. I would highly recommend Dr. Worth to anyone needing her expertise.
"Cleaning was superb--my hygienist did a fantastic job, took extra time to make sure all my coffee stains were gone, and my mouth felt amazing afterwards. Hands down one of the best dental visits ever."
"I have always had a pleasant experience with Dr. Jonathan Scharf and his staff. I would highly recommend him to my family, friends, neighbors and colleagues."
"i already posted a lengthy very positive review;which this website wouldn't allow for some reason.  we have 6 children, and my husband and i both have been treated at both offices.  we have no complaints and nothing but praise for ALL OF OUR experiences in regards to staff at both facilities."
"I had surgery by Dr.Chang in 2010 and would do it all over again. The staff and Dr.Chang are just exceptional. My experience was wonderful, the recovery was quick and easy, and I really enjoyed coming to my appointments because I did not have to wait too long, and it was like seeing friends. I would recommend Dr.Chang to anyone."
"Really enjoyed meeting for my initial consultation with Dr. Johnson. He really put me at ease, and made me feel hopeful for the future."
Dr. Presnal did a total knee replacement for me several years ago. I have not had a bit of trouble with that knee.
I have been a patient for the past 18 months.  When I was initially referred to this office for treatment I was able to get an appointment within the week.  At that time I was in tremendous pain and with the help of the office staff and nurse I was able to get in almost immediately.   I am learning alot about RA but with Nikki and Dr. Taylor's help I am hopeful.  Dr. Taylor is very careful not to jump into a diagnosis or over medicate.  Yet he works to keep me out of pain.  I am so thankful to be a patient of Dr. Taylor's.
We where very fortunate to have Dr. Deem look at are 8wk premature Daughter.
"Dr. Buscema is absolutely one of the best surgeons of his kind in the city and maybe in the region.  Before my surgery, I did a lot of research.   He is recommended by both patients and other doctors.  He is intelligent, low key, and very self-effacing (that's because his focus is on the patient). I trust him with my life because he merits such trust by virtue of his competence and his amazingly kind bedside manner. He makes you feel at ease even though the situation is serious. He has been doing this for a very long time.  One could not ask for a better doctor.  Oh, he adds a bit of wit to the equation-- which is also helpful given the nature of the diseases he treats."
Dr Gaz was a true professional and expressed genuine care and concern.  My surgery was complicated and a I fortunate that Dr. Gaz was the surgeon.
Dr. Zaydon and his staff were all very kind and professional when I went to him.  He explained the procedure and the recovery time.  I appreciate his care and concern for my well being.
"Dr Lobosky admitted my mother and cared for her in late 1989 - she had less than three percent chance of survival after suffering a ruptured subarachnoid hemmorhage.  He was compassionate to both my mother and family and was amazing.  My mother survived the ordeal and lived an additional 20 years.  Dr Lobosky gave family 20 more years of sharing with my mother, I truly do not feel that my mother or my family would have had those 20 years without Dr Lobosky."
"I have suffered from severe migraines, dizziness, nausea for over 5 yrs. been to many doctors, have had lots of tests and was finally fortunate enough to be referred to Dr. Wackym! He suspected SSCD...superior semicircular canal dehisence during my first visit...sent me for testing and it was confirmed. He performed a middle fossa approach craniotomy on the left side of my head and repaired the dehisence in my left superior semicircular canal. \nI am doing so much better now and no more migraines! I am getting my life back. I am forever greatful to God for leading me to Dr. Wackym and for the wonderful care he and his staff provided for me and continue to do so!"
"Two years ago I fell off my bicycle and broke my hip. I had a total hip replacement but it never fully healed. I was always in pain and limped. My original surgeon said I just needed to be patient and it would heal in time. \n\nI went to physical theraphy for months and months but my hip never got better. I was getting more and more frustrated as time went on.\n\nLast summer I was able to see Dr. Barrett. He was pretty sure what was wrong but ordered a couple of tests to be sure. The results indicated that the femoral implant was loose because my bone had never grown into the implant.\n\nAfter a great deal of soul searching and discussion with Dr. Barrett I decided to have replace the original hip replacement.....which they call a hip revision.\n\nThe surgery was 5 weeks ago and I am already walking without crutches or a cane. I can already tell that the operation was a success. As I said, I don't know how I can thank Dr. Barrett enough. He is the only doctor to correctly diagnose the problem. Every place I go, I tel"
"We have been with Dr Nguyen since she took over this practice from Dr. Edgerton approximately 24 years ago.\nWe have been extremely satisfied with her and continue to be impressed by her professionalism.\nShe is always compassionate, patient, and attentive to our medical concerns and needs, and refers us to other medical professionals when appropriate.\nShe always has time for us and makes us feel like we will get honest and direct feedback relating to our medical issues.\nShe is a good old fashioned family doctor and treats us like family and friend."
"Dr. Kobrin takes the time to help you become absolutely informed about your condition, and you never feel rushed.  He is compassionate to what the patient is going through, and often has helpful suggestions, as well as several treatment options.  He also has an uncanny ability to diagnose issues that are secondary to kidney failure/issues.  I really don't know what I am going to do if he ever retires.  He is simply the best!"
"I have been one of Dr. Peet's patients since around 1979.  I was probably one of his very first patients.  He has to be one of the very best family doctors you could ever find.  He listens and genuinely cares about your medical condition.  He is open minded and has a professional but caring approach to his patients.  I would never change doctors unless he retired!  The other doctors in his office are great too and the staff has had to rustle up some emergency referrals on occasion for me on short notice and has never complained.  My only hesitation in recommending Dr. Peet and Broad Axe Family Medicine so highly is that there will be a line of new patients out the door and my wait will be longer! Thankfully, I have been pretty healthy, but when something has been really wrong, he has been a God-send for me and my family over these many years."
"i would rate dr cohen a 10 , i have been with him for years, and if there is 1 thing i am critical about it are drs.  He is very caring takes his time, he takes the time to call you with any concerns you may have no matter what time in the evening.  He is very busy, and will make that effort to call you in the evening hours to address results if need be..He is fantastic....\n\nHis staff are very professional . When you call they answer rather than talking to a machine , like all these other practices.\n\nHis overall group of drs in the office are also excellent, especially  Mary Peterson.  Very caring.\n\nOverall an excellent team..."
I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia in 2005 (and also have IBS and a slipped disc in my neck). Like many others I struggled to find a physician who will take the time to listen carefully and help put together the puzzle pieces for those of us with multiple conditions and symptoms.\n\nDr. Romanick is extremely thorough and takes the time to analyze any possible contributing factors.\n\nI trust her opinion and have noticed a marked improvement in my pain levels. Thank you.
"Dr. Oro has incredible medical school and residency training and additional medical training from Stanford for asthma and allergies.  What makes her a great pediatrician?  She's a mom and a great doctor.  She's incredibly wise, discerning and smart at listening, thinking and diagnosing.  She's trustworthy and kind.  She works at a practice that is like a small town with the best-trained docs around."
"I have had to see a lot of different Doctors due to infertility problems in the past. After I had my son, I was on the search for a good Doctor that didn't treat me as if I was just another number or notch in their belt. I must say that Anita came highly recommended by a friend. I told my friend that I was tired of being sore after regular pap exams and feeling like a was just part of the paycheck they earned. \n   When I meet Anita she was very open and a great listener. I had my exam and when she said I could sit up I asked is something wrong? Anita smiled and said no...I am done with your exam. Wow! I have never had an exam that didn't hurt. Anita is the most down to earth person and has a very sweet personality. She is everything anyone could ever want in a physician. I only wish she was my doctor when I had my son. I am proud to say that she is the best of the best and I sincerely thank her and her staff for being so wonderful."
"I'm in my 60's, and it's not often that you find a specialist physician...and a big city surgeon, at that...who has the easy-going mannerism and genuine personal concern of an old time family doctor. But Dr. Phillips is just that sort of truly professional care-giver. I was seen and treated by him over a period of several months, including a complicated surgery, and found him to be knowledgeable, patient with my concerns, and skilled in his craft.\n \nYou progressively come to need more medical attention as you get older. Sometimes involving some pretty complex issues. I was impressed with Dr. Phillips' capacity for sensing and addressing the worries that I had, even though I had difficulty in framing my questions. That's the sort of thing that, for me, inspires confidence in a doctor. I couldn't help but notice that Dr. Phillips seems to handle a lot of very young patients there in his office. I found that impressive, also, as well as the gracious and attentive staff people he has working with him.2657035	Dr. Smith is the man to go to if you suffer from any sort of sinus issues.  He's very knowledgeable and on the cutting edge of the latest research findings.  His bedside manner is great.  I've been very happy in his care.2657291	I had LASIK Eye Surgery with Dr. Moosa and in the process I came into contact with 4-5 different staff members at your office.  Every single person who helped me was courteous, friendly, warm, compassionate, and very knowledgeable.  Perhaps this is influenced by Dr. Moosa as he himself exhibits all of these character qualities.  Such treatment in today's world must be commented on.  It is indeed rare to find such an office full of truly pleasant professionals.2657547	Great Dr and great staff2657803	She is very punctual and takes care of her patients very professionally. She shows care and concern about her patients. Usually in other doctors offices I wait for atleast half an hour, But at Dr.Hassads office, I was treated very nicely by her cooperative staff and did not wait more than 15mins..strongly recommend her2658059	He is a very nice doctor, I would reccomend him to everybody! He is a very respectful and polite person, and loves to make jokes! But at the same time, he does what he thinks is best for me! He really cares about your injuries. I would know that because I have had alot of injuries, and I have seen him for every single one.2658315	Dr. Allen has been my personal physican for about three years now.  Although I visit her irregularly, I always look forward to my check ups and she really seems to care, a quality which can be difficult to find in physicans with as many patients as Dr. Allen.  I fully recommend her, but don't want her services to become unavailable to me!2658571	I want to thank you for your very thorough treatment and your concern. I am following your instructions and everything is working out fine. I am on 2 prednisone and will follow your instructions to taper. I feel great.2658827	Great experience.  Dr. Shah is kind and explains things well.  Definitely the ENT to see!2659083	After suffering a fractured nose, I chose Dr Glatt based on his credentials as my current ENT did not have the recommended requirements for nasal reconstruction.  I found the experience to completely beyond my expectations.  He explained everything he planned to do, what to expect after surgery, called me personally after being discharged and never left me sitting in the waiting room for more then five minutes.  His staff is always friendly and always accommodating.  Most importantly, the results were amazing.  I am so pleased with how well I can breathe.  My nose is straight and looks unbelievable.  Following surgery, many asked who did my procedure.  It was then  then that I heard so many great things about his technical skills and attention to detail during surgery from various medical professionals.  Overall, I can't be more pleased with my outcome.  Highly recommend this physician and I will be going back for other procedures.2659339	I RELAX WITH HIM AND FEEL HAPPY AND HOPEFUL , FEEL I WILL HAVE ALL MY FACULTIES BACK WITH ME WITH HIS PATIENCE AND GUIDANCE , HE IS ENCOURAGING AND ENERGETIC,  YOU CARRY A HOPE FOR BETTER WHEN YOU LEAVE HIM.2659595	I was treated in the emergency room and got so much help from everyone. They new how bad I was hurting and they did everything to figure it out. It was a crazy 3 days, but it was needed. No one wants to be there for that long, but having the help that I did was like a vacation. Only different :) thank you Doc2659851	Great D.R. went to this doctor for my hands they were very dry and hurt she took one look and said it was funges she gave me pills and a cream they worked and my hands healed .after so many years that's why I say great doctor thank you doctod2660363	Debra Dube is my go-to doctor whenever I need a check-up. She and the rest of the staff are very kind and welcoming. In fact, I went there a couple years back when I was experiencing many issues that related to depression. She was so understanding and gentle with her words. I felt so comfortable. You can just tell that she cares so much about her patients. She recommended other professionals that were more familiar with my condition that I would also recommend to anyone. It has just been an all around pleasure to know her.2660875	Thanks to Dr. Andreas  kaiser I am well on my way to a full recovery  2 weeks after a partial sigmoid colectomy. The entire experience (prep, surgery, and post op stay) has far exceeded my expectations.  My pain was well controlled by a very thoughtful group of health care professionals at USC Keck Medical Center.  I am very grateful to all of them especially Dr Kaiser and his team.2661131	I went to Dr. Tangoren while his practice was based out of Ithaca, NY. I was having serious issues with breakouts and skin reactions to certain allergens and other stimuli. Dr. Tangoren had been highly recommended by a couple local friends/coworkers, and I went to his practice to address my concerns. He listened to my explanation of the reactions and general sensitivities of my skin and developed a plan to strategically address my concerns. I saw him monthly for about 7 - 8 months in order to ensure that the plan was working well and addressing the sensitivities of my Scandinavian/Irish fair skin. :)\n\nI couldn't recommend Dr. Tangoren enough. My only qualm is that he's so far away now!2661387	Great Doctor with outstanding knowledge regarding the dermatology field. Staff was very welcoming and friendly. Dr. Stanko made me feel comfortable and answered all my questions in depth. Very satisfied with my appointment.2661643	Dr. Burhanna is a very caring individual. She is always updating her education and is very knowledgable. She always takes her time and explains things in detail so that you can understand your circumstances and your alternatives. I recommend her very highly.2661899	Took my 3-year old son for an evaluation.  The ambiance in the office is great.  My son immediately felt at ease.  The front office staff is knowledgable and helpful.  My husband and I were very nervous about the appointment, but as soon as we met Dr. Auth we felt at ease.  Our son, who is usually afraid of doctors, loved Dr. Auth.  The evaluation went so well, my son asked me later in the day if he could go back to Dr. Auth's office.  Dr. Auth answered all our questions and was very knowledgable and credible.  I would recommend her to anyone.  She made a stressful expereince pleasant.2662155	I would highly recommend Dr. Brender.  She cares about her patients.  I always know she is going to be able to help me or refer me to someone that can.  I really don't like going to doctors and I really stress out.  She was able to calm my nerves right away so I could get the care I needed.  I really appreciate her.2650636	I was referred to Dr. Brown by a friend with two autistic children.  He was the only dentist that knew how to work with autistic children and she had nothing but wonderful things to say about him.\n\nAfter taking my own children in for their dental exams I can see why!  He has a natural way with children and makes the visit fun instead of scary.  They make a point of using silly words that make kids smile instead of cringe.\n\nThe office is filled with a wide variety of toys books, and games.  A cartoon is always at the ready.  The kids earn tokens for the prize dispenser by going in for their check-up, not wiggling while getting their x-rays, having a perfect exam, and picking up the toys they have played with.\n\nHis work is excellent, pain free, and quicker than you would expect.  I happily make the 3 hour drive to take my kids in for their dental exams.\n\nI HIGHLY recommend Dr. Charles Brown to anyone with children!2650892	Over the past few years Dr. Farbman removed several molars, performed bonegrafting and an implant. I NEVER had any discomfort, didn't use any painkillers, ice bags or the like. As if he hadn't done anything, no bleeding, no pain, no swelling. Really magical!2651148	I have nothing but praise for Dr. Sherri and her staff who always treats me with respect while maintaining a sense of humor.2651404	These folks are amazing! I don't have dental insurance and they only charge 150 for an exam. Dr is nice and gentle. The best dentist ever!2651660	I find Dr. Scharf to be honest with treatments needed. He is a very valuable resource for dental health. I and my family are happy patients and will continue to be for a very long time.2651916	Dr. Pamela Hanson - EXTRAORDINARY!  An amazingly dedicated, compassionate doctor who genuinely loves her patients, Dr. Hanson has left an indelible mark on our lives. Caring for our daughter who was born with a cleft lip and palate required the best of orthodontic service, and Dr. Hanson has been exceptional in every aspect of our daughter's unique, incredibly difficult needs over the past 10 years. \n\n     To walk into her office, West New Brook Orthodontics, is to experience comfort, outstanding help and an atmosphere of contagious joy, evidenced by Dr. Hanson and her staff.  They have made this a quality office where smiles and laughter abound and each patient feels loved and  cared for personally.  \n\n     In typical Dr. Hanson-fashion, going above and beyond in care for her patients is the norm, not the exception.  How unique is it for a doctor to welcome her patients beyond her office doors into her heart, her life,  her world?!  \n\n     That's our Dr. Hanson!   We love her and want others to have the priv2652172	Wonderful Doctor, would recommend to anyone who is looking for great results, a family like practice, and easy recovery with support! Amazing experience with Dr.Chang2652428	Everyone at the Bellevue office is outstanding! The MAs are all great but Jessie is amazing. I appreciate everyone's ability to put me at ease, and my husband and I always appreciate that we are treated as people and not just the next chart on the wall. Dr. Johnson and Jo are both informative and encouraging and i will reccomend ORH for life!2652684	As an interventional neuroradiologist, my hands are important to me.  He did an awesome job on my broken navicular, and was very helpful with great clinical manner as I waited for summer activites to have the surgery.2652940	I was refered to Dr. Terry for a horrible knee injury. Prior to seeing Dr. Terry I began to loose hope and became depressed due to my injury. I never talked to Dr. Terry about issues other than my injury. But he was able to tell I had many other things going on. He sat me down, read my mri, pointed out the issue on the mri, explained it in detail, explained how he would correct it, and asked if I had any questions or concerns. He then looked at me and said  Mr. Waters, we are going to fix you back up, get your strenght back and have you back to the things you miss and are of importance to you""  He smiled and said "" Let's fix this knee"" He then told me a joke that had me laughing for two straight days. Every visit Dr. Terry and his assistant Mrs. Lafran put a smile on my face. They were always professional,helpful,compasionate and concerned."
My four year old had severe crossed yes.  Doc E. did surgery.  She is now in her late teens.  She looks great and sees even better.  Doc E. saved my daughter from years of being teased by other kids because of her crossed eyes.  He also kept her out of special classes for a disability that he corrected.  Thanks Doc E.
"Dr. Wopperer came highly recommended to me from a couple of friends that I work with.  I'm so pleased not only with his office staff, the atmosphere of the office, but especially the excellent, professional and caring manner he handles himself with his patients.  When I learned that one former employee where I work travels from Phoenix, Arizona every year to see him for her annual visit, it solidified my decision.  You always see him.  You are never seeing a nurse practitioner.  I have had surgery performed (total hysterectomy) and was so impressed with his surgical skill as well as the care and concern before and after that surgery.   I have been going to Dr. Wopperer for 8 years and have the highest regard for him as a doctor.  I recommend him highly."
He was able to diagnose and treat me in a life-threatening emergency and I am here to tell about it.  Everyone else was fooled but he knew right away what to do and he saved me.  I and my family are eternally grateful
Dr. Mccafferty did an amazing job with my surgery. He and his staff are extremely professional and personable. They make every patient feel like they are the ONLY patient. There is not a single thing I would change if I had to do it all over again.
I was referred to Dr. McVicker last November when I went to Memorial Hospital North. I already knew that I had 2 herniated discs but could get no help. I went to the other hospital system here in excruciating neck pain and it took 4 visits before anyone said I needed an MRI. MY PCP ordered the MRI and I was also referred to the Spine Center at that other hospital. Since I am self pay I had a hard time finding anyone to look at me-$95 for the spine center visit who then referred me to a pain doctor-$158 for that visit. It took 7 weeks to get one epidural and another 6 weeks went by.  I then decided to try Memorial North and saw Dr. McVicker 4 weeks later. We decided on surgery since all conservative measures had failed and now I'm feeling much better.  He performed a 2 level acdf and explained the procedure during the consultation and before the surgery.  After the surgery he came to my room and told me how it went. He has the BEST bedside manner and is a very skilled surgeon. I've had my follow-ups with is PA
"Such a great exp overall. Friendly staff, helpful. Doctor was really knowledgable and answered all my questions. will be Back!"
"Okay, the first hip replacement is scary enough.  But Dr. Barrett made it a 'no brainer' decision process for me.  Everyone I encountered said ""Just Do It"" -- which isn't always a Nike commercial.  I did it and I had so many 'angels' that assisted Dr. Barrett!  And, the first went so well, decided to go back the same year and do the other one.  I just wished my attorney, who referred me to Dr. Barrett in the first place, referred me sooner!  So, if you are in pain, don't wait...get help. Also, I had been to several docs - and of course, mis-diagosed me - it was my hip, not my back!  So always seek another opinion - or better yet - just go to this Doc in the first place and save yourself time/$!  I have since referred several to Dr. Barrett and will continue to do so."
"The only doctor was able to put my asthma under control is doctor Rennert. To me he is the best doctor, always takes the time to listen to my concerns and explain what I need to do to feel better sooner :) Love the staff too :D"
"Dr. Levine and his staff are some of the most professional and efficient I have ever had care for me in the medical field.  I was gravely ill when I first saw him and in six months, he has me feeling better and better.  His staff is always welcoming and cheerful and I have never had a lengthy wait time .  Dr. Levine is always thorough and precise.  He does not waste his time or mine.  He is 'no nonsense' when it comes to care yet maintains a cheerful visit with detailed exams and answers all of my questions so that I understand in layman's terminology.  I am so thankful to have Dr. Levine as my doctor!"
"I could say Dr. Jill Baron saved my life. With her strong sense of intuition, throughness and knowledge she was able to detect an early stage of thyroid cancer. She listens, explains and foremost care about you."
"Dr. Lesley Peace Goldenberg is for me a wonderful Dr, that totally cares about my problems, great sense of medications, and very knowledgeable in the lates therapies. I can deal now days in an excellent way with  problems, thanks to Dr. Goldenberg. I truly recommend her, if you are looking for a wonderful Dr !!!"
"My husband was referred to Dr. Woods when it became clear that he was struggling with some sort of movement disorder. From our very first appointment, it was clear that Dr. Woods was a doctor unlike any other we'd ever seen. His initial appointment was so thorough and in-depth that we were shocked! We had seen another neurologist prior to Dr. Woods and didn't realize how basic that first appointment had been. \n\nWe spent nearly two hours in that first appointment and when Dr Woods realized there was more testing that needed to be done, he made room for us to return two days later for an EMG and NCV. During those tests, he explained everything, made sure my husband was comfortable at all times and thoroughly explained what the tests were showing. When it came time for him to deliver the diagnosis, it wasn't anything he'd seen before, but rather a rare progressive genetic disorder but he provided us with a large packet of papers explaining the disease and what to expect. \n\nWe continue to see Dr. Woods for follow"
"I was referred to Dr. Rosenthal by my local cardiologist for my SVT.  I met once with Dr. Rosenthal before undergoing an electrophysiology procedure.  He explained the procedure and what he though was wrong with my heart, and how he could cure it.  He impressed me with his confidence and reassurance that he could find it and cure it.  Dr. Rosenthal is all business, friendly, but not chatty.  I trusted my care to him, and he came through.  I'm cured of 54 years of SVT."
"Dr. Bresnahan is an excellent Obstetrician/Gynecologist. She is thorough, listens to the patient's questions and answers them honestly and accurately. She is pro-active concerning a woman's health issues. I have been her patient for three and a half years and I am 100% satisfied with Dr. Bresnahan's services."
"Dr.Podrebarac is professional in every aspect. He addressed problems and offered services that would normally be done under different specialty, provided I would be more comfortable with the process. His excellent people skills and ability to speak in laymans terms eased my fear of the problems I was having. I highly recommend Dr. Podrebarac."
Dr Seib is very caring and understanding. I have a number of different medical issues which we have been able to address successfully.
"I wanted to tell you all thank you so very much.  You have made a miracle come true for me.  The long road was worth the wait.  Dr. Moosa, you truly are an angel to me and what you have done for my sight.  Every time I open my eyes and see perfectly, I am grateful to you.  Thank You!"
I had two pregnancies and lost a lot of weight but my stomach would never go back to its pre-pregnancy state.  I had a tummy tuck and lip with Dr. potparic and I look better than before I had kids! He did an amazing job.
This doctor is the best.  Took time to sit and make me understand why was going on.  She is at the top of her game.
"Dr. Chahal is attentive and caring. He spends more time explaining my disease and medications than any of my previous caregivers. I feel comfortable around him and my husband was so impressed during my first visit, Dr. Chahal is now his doctor too. I feel I have a voice in my health decisions due to someone who actually listens."
"Have you ever actually looked forward to your visit to the doctors office?  That is the way I feel because of the expertise of Dr. Au in treatment of my cancer.  I researched his education thoroughly before choosing 21st Century Oncology.  The care, kindness, and knowledge of both Dr. Au and his staff lead me to say ""make sure you are treated here.""  Ther is no better place to be cared for.  I say that with total assurance."
"although the wait was a little long, once with the doctor, all was forgiven.  He listened attentively, thoroughly examined me and explained everything.  Once I told him my diagnosis as glaucoma suspect, he had his staff perform very advanced screening test that my previous doctor never mentioned existed and then took the time to show and explain the images and how they affected his decisions for me.   It was a great experience"
I am thrilled with my visit with Dr. Shah and Tracey Harris.  I have told ALL of friends and family about her.
"A friend of mine referred me to Dr. Glatt when I decided I wanted to have liposuction done on my midsection. I scheduled a consultation with him during which he explained the process and the procedure thoroughly. He was very honest, made me feel very comfortable and said I was a perfect candidate for liposuction. I was confident that I would be happy with the results and decided to schedule the surgery.  \n\nAfter meeting with Dr. Glatt, his staff gave me information about the procedure and instructions for what I should do before and after the surgery. They were so nice and helpful and told me to call them if I had any questions.\n\nOn the day of my surgery, I wasn't nervous at all because I knew I was in good hands. The nurses at Morristown Hospital spoke very highly of Dr. Glatt, saying what an amazing surgeon he was. That night, Dr. Glatt personally called me to see how I was doing. He said to not hesitate to call his cell phone with any questions or for anything I may need. \n\nTwo weeks after the surgery, I w"
I Have been seeing the doctor for anxiety and depression for some time.  He has helped me immensely through my difficult times and continues to do so.  I have seen other doctors in the past but this physician is the best.
Dr taherian is really good.  She listens to you and takes her time with you.  She is my favorite doctor in las Vegas.
"I met him when he began in Cohasset. My daughter and her infant son requested he be their physician. He was pretty full over at Norwell and luckily she was able to get into the practice there. Her infant is now 1.5 yrs old and Dr. Ryan has been so interested, invested and concerned with all aspects of his patients. No question is silly! He's sweet, kind, humble, intelligent, & gets you in asap! He has no issues referring and or consulting if needed. He's a true gem! My son is now switching from his pediatric doctor to a general dr. & Dr. Benjamin Ryan is definately our choice, He is really there for your family. He directs all information and collects all information in a  professional manner."
"Dr. Green was very professional, and his bedside manner was the best I have ever seen."
"Dr mehanna  is the most caring doctor I ever visited, He makes you feel like a person not a number , He cares for you and will try  to find the best treatment with the least expense, always professional, caring and ready to answer any qustions you may have"
"DR. CRAFT IS AN AWESOME DOCTOR!! LOVED HIS OFFICE, HIS PROFESSIONALISM, EVERYTHING! I AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED WITH MY RESULTS AND I HAVE JUST BEEN A WEEK AFTER THE SURGERY! HE IS GREAT, YOU ALWAYS SEE HIM, BEFORE AND AFTER THE SURGERY, WHICH DOES NOT HAPPEN IN ALL CLINICS! \nI WOULD TOTALLY RECOMMEND HIM!!!!!!!!!!"
The absolute best Doctor we have ever had...in every category or concern...no short comings...except she moved...
"I am a a survivor of melanoma (2 yrs. now)....if it wasn't for the thoroughness, caring, and diligence of this physician and staff my outcome could have been completely different.  I return every 6 months for follow up appts."
"My experience with Bryn Mawr Dermatology was great from walking in the door, seeing the doctor, all the way up to check out.  There were no surprises after my treatment. Dr. Stanko took the time to educate me on my treatment and answer all of the questions I had. The Staff was very friendly and made me feel right at home. I was very happy with Bryn Mawr Dermatology and even more happy with the results!"
"when you first meet dr.baynes his personality, smile,confidence puts you at ease. no wait time ,explain my situation, what is going to happen,the healing process.my surgery was rotator cuff tear along with a frozen shoulder ,which was done upstairs in same building. his office staff is so nice and truly love their jobs. the surgerical team was awesome and professional.no doubt i would recommend dr. baynes to anyone.follow up appointment was today 7/6/12 as my wife and walked into his office,dr. baynes was waiting laughing with his staff he gave us warm hello took us inside told us all about the surgery showed us pictues etc great doctor"
"My 11 year-old daughter is currently seeing Dr. Przeklasa for migraine headaches.  Dr. Przeklasa is extremely knowledgeable, and was able to immediately connect with my daughter.  She is incredibly friendly and non-threatening for children.  Her recommendations for my daughter's migraines have been nothing short of life changing.  She understood our concerns about medication, and treated us as partners in our daughter's treatment.   We feel lucky to have found Dr. P.!"
"As someone who been to many podiatrists, I was very impressed with the medical treatment provided by Dr. Lehrman as well as his â€œbedside manner.â€  He was exceptional in providing treatment and resolving my issues, and I know that I received the best medical care possible.  In addition, I felt like Dr. Lehrman really listened to me, he gave a clear explanation of my treatment options, and he made things easy for me with a great sense of humor and a positive attitude.   Overall, I was very impressed and I would definitely recommend Dr. Lehrman."
"We've been going to Dr. Cederbaum - first to her office in Redmond, and then Seattle after moving to the west side - for nearly 12 years.  She's got a great approach, and her calming demeanor is terrific for kids (and even the occasional nervous adult).  I've had several fillings and a crown in the last few years, and she does great work (and only uses composite materials).  Super-friendly staff as well.  Highly recommended."
"Over the past few years Dr. Farbman removed several molars and performed an implant. I NEVER had to use any painkillers, ice bags or the like. As if he hadn't done anything, no bleeding, no pain, no swelling. Really magical!"
"Amazing and courteous staff and Dr Sherri are very professional. Truly a unique experience! Almost fell asleep during the treatment, wow!"
"The doc is the absolute best. I've had some very good dentists, and I've seen a few bad ones, but he is far and away one of the nicest and most professional I've ever met. Took great care to make me feel comfortable, reviewed my x-rays with me in detail, and emphasized that his office would make sure the insurance paperwork was taken care of because their job is to make my life easier."
Dr. Scharf makes going to the dentist a complete joy for my entire family!\nHe is the absolute best! We love him!
"As an older adult, with a need for Orthodonic care, I was reluctant to begin a process that numurous young teens go thru early in their life. As a business professional, I thought that I would feel out of place with such a procedure, stand out in a procedure room with teens trying to ""look their best"" and quickly found out that I was just another one of Dr. Hanson's ""very special patients"". You see, we are ""all special"" in Dr. Hanson's eyes. She is thorough, a perfectionist, caring..... my exams were actually fun..... it motivated me to be compliant. While waiting in the exam chair for Dr Hanson, you quickly realized that she treated everyone with the same respect and professionalism.... she is terrific at what she does."
"I have been going to Dr. Coith for the past 14 years, and he is fantastic at diagnosing cardiac conditions. I went to no fewer than 6 cardiologists before finding Dr. Coith and having my condition discovered. If he suspects a problem, he will find the answer. Another thing I really like about him is that he takes a conservative approach in treatment. I have undergone two cardiac surgeries since having my problem diagnosed and am convinced I would not be alive today if he had not found out what my problem was."
"My fiance and I have learned so much from our consultations. We are very well informed of all testing and procedures and every staff member has been so helpful in answering any questions that we have. I am very comfortable and feel safe here at Overlake. Everyone has been extremely helpful and understanding and so patient. The front desk seems very organized. They are great, especially Sammi. She has helped me with a lot of insurance questions and costs and is still very patient and willing to help!"
"Very nice office. The whole staff was great except the lady who does lab work, but I think she works for a different company and is just housed there. She needs to learn to say hello and smile."
Dr. Terk is great with the kids - his demeanor immediately puts children at ease whether they are 3 or 14. He is also great at putting worried moms at ease! He is very thorough & to the point and will answer any and all questions you will have. Staff does a great job with follow-through and courtesy.
The doctor diagnosed and treated my eye problem accurately and efficiently. He and his staff went out of their way to provide me with the help I needed and to calm my fears.
I was treated with dignity and respect and he used state of the art procedures to treat me..He made sure everything was done pre-operatively and post operatively.
I had never had any experience with surgery until my gall bladder needed to be removed. Dr. Yurso explained the entire procedure and thoroughly answered all questions. His office staff was also extremely efficient and responsive. I would highly recommend Dr. Yurso. He truly cares about his patients.
Such a great surgeon.  Made me feel very comfortable and he was very personable.    I was so happy with my results and would recommend Dr.  McCafferty to anyone!
"I was lucky to have had this doctor.  He took the time to understand my issues and was honest and concerned with my treatment.  Thank you, Dr. Cole, for your care."
I love how the office is very personable. I stopped going there for nearly 3 years and when I returned all the staff still knew me by name.
"My wife ( a veterinarian) daughter (a resident surgeon) and me all concluded that his actions spoke the same message as his words. His team also reflected the same ""feel good"" professional demeanor as Dr Barrett."
"Dr. Garvey has treated me for over a decade, helping me not only with my cardiac arrhythmia but in negotiating the maze of other health care specialties are involved in my complex condition.  I have seen dozens of doctors, some great and some not so great.  The ones who stand out are those who manage to fulfill the role of scientist while maintaining a genuine concern for their patients' humanity.  Dr. Garvey is such a person.  No matter how difficult my medical predicament, I have always come away from my visits with Dr. Garvey with something useful, whether it be life-changing surgery, a better understanding of an obscure concept, or help dealing with the less stellar members of my health care team.  If medical schools churned out more like him, we would not need health care reform."
"My general physician seemed to have blown off my concern about losing weight without trying and not being able to keep food in me. Not that I didn't mind dropping a few pounds but when I couldn't stop and had diarhea after I ate anything, I decided to see Dr. Gutstein.\n\nHe came in sat down in his chair and asked how my family was doing and how I was doing. When I told him; his immediate response was no patient of mine will lose over 35 lbs. in 3 months without trying and not be checked out. He did the tests needed to rule out any serious issues and gave me a few dietary suggestions until the results of the test came back. I told him ice cream was one of the few things I could eat that didn't upset my system and he said then keep eating it until we figure this out.\n\nThe tests came back without finding any major health issues which of course was reassuring and so he said now we can deal with the other issues and not worry there is something else causing the problem. He gave me a prescription and within 30 days "
"Dr.Perrino is agreat Doctor. Couldn't find another better.\n         Took my uncle to him,daughter, and, husband."
"Dr. Childers treated me for 10+ years and was always compassionate and patient with me. I have since moved out of town, but wish I could still use him as my primary care physician!"
"Dr. Gluck is a wonderful caring, professional doctor."
Dr. Hammo is great with teens. He knows how to relate to them and put them at ease with a great sense of humor.  He explains proceedures and tests in plain language for the average layperson to understand.
"Dr. Z is not delivering babies anymore but she is still practicing gynecology and she is outstanding.  My experience has been that she runs on time, remembers your name and actually checks your chart prior to the general 5 minutes before your appointment and follows up with patients after she treats them.  I have never had her operate on me but I understand from other friends that go to her and other physicians that she is an outstanding surgeon.  When I asked for referrals to OBGYNs from 4 different doctors in other specialties everyone gave me Dr. Z's name.  She has a lot of personality and works very hard to be on time and to make sure that she is getting right amount of face time with each patient."
I've seen Dr Mannam for several years. He was the Dr my Dr who retired recommended. He listens and tries to help in the least invasive way possible and then proceeds if needed.
"I had my gallbladder taken out a few months ago. Dr. Tiesenga did a great job! Him and his staff explained the whole procedure to me and what to expect before and during the surgery during my office visit. They scheduled me right away. Surgery went great without any complications and I had no pain. After my surgery he went to talkk to my husband that the surgery went well and I should be out in a couple of hours. I went home the same day and pretty much slept thethe rest of the day due to anesthesia. but I was up and walking the next day, The office staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and very efficient.  I would recommend Dr. tiesenga tto my family members and friends if they need surgery over any other doctor."
"My first visit was such a pleasant experience, the staff was patient and knowledgeable with all of the questions that I had and Dr. Moosa spent so much time with me, that my choice was clear, this was the office and the doctor that I would trust my eye sight to.   The staff is friendly and my wait times have been brief. I have talked to many people and the only eye doctor I would ever recommend for Lasik or general eye health would be Dr. Moosa."
I had breast surgery with Dr Potparic and had a great experience from start to finish. He did a beautiful job and his office and staff are excellent. I will recommend him to my family and friends.
"Dr Estes is both my partner and my orthopedic surgeon.  Approximately one year ago, he performed a knee arthroscopy for a torn meniscus in my knee.  In two days, I was back to work and within two weeks, I was painfree.  He is one of the very best surgeons that I know."
There is no one better. This is one doctor in a million. You would be lucky to have Dr. Champney take care of you. I had a heart attack that was known as the widow maker. She not only saved my life but she hung in there with me through the tough times after and made sure I have the very best in terms of care for a great recovery. You will always be able to reach her. She will ALWAYS be there for you.
"I visited Dr. Samuel Au for Radiation oncology and found him to be very professional and  not only helpful, but treated me like a human being with feelings especially in light of my condition.  I feel very blessed to have found such a Doctor like Dr Au."
"I purchased a Groupon deal for Dr. Lee's office for botox and am so happy that I did!  The office staff and the Doctor were informative, helpful and beyond skilled at what they do.  I have never felt so comfortable while having injections and three days later I look 10 years younger.  I will be going back to Dr. Lee again!"
Wonderful doctor and great experience.  Dr. Shah is smart and caring.  She has a gentle manner and really helped me with my sinus problem.
"All treatment options, and possiable side effects were covered at first\nappointment.\nDr. was very direct about addressing patients needs.\n96% of treatments were prompt, and on time."
Dr Daniels and the Phoenix Cyberknife and Radiation Oncology Center are two of the best coming together in one center. Dr Daniels is very thorough and treating cancer with the best technologies available.
"Doctor McCannon is a great doctor that went the extra mile to help me with my illness, she is relentless and never gives up."
simply the best doctor I ever had
"Highly recommend this way above- average doctor. He's quite intelligent and skilled, yet kind and patient with his patients and family.  He has good PA's, especially Bailey and Tracee!  Heard nurses and other docs sing his praises and i see why! I was first admitted to hospital in serious condition with multiple diverticular abscesses as large as 10 cm in diameter as well as umbilical hernia.  Dr Malik was on team to deal with abscesses, which required several months of treatment followed by surgery. He and his PA's couldn't have been better. His team best described my situation and did so with calming, reassuring manner while taking plenty of time to answer my and family's questions  while in hospital as well as in his office pre- and post-surgery.  His gentle and compassionate manner were great. Surgery went perfectly, in less time than expected, and recovery went smoother than expected. I followed orders and began walking and moving immediately upon settling into room, which i hear is very important part o"
I have been seeing this doctor for years. He is excellent. If there is something wrong with you this doctor will find it. Dr. Rizkalla is the most thorough doctor I know. I feel I am in the best hands under his care.
I wanted to have a procedure done and had gone to 5 difference plastic surgeons.  When I sat down with Dr. Christopher Craft he demonstrated to be highly knowledgeable and took his time to make me understand exactly how he would do the procedure.  I decided he was the one and I am extremely happy with the results.  I recommend Dr. Craft HIGHLY!!!!!
"Dr. Faraz's concern for each of her patients comes across in her caring yet professional demeanor.  Aside from the location of her office being so convenient, she is a wonderful and talented doctor!"
"Dr. Finnigan is the best most caring and loving doctor I have ever used for my children. The children love to go see her and when they see her outside the office they always run to say hello. I used quite a few pediatricians over the years here in Orange County, none compare."
"Very smart, competent and careful Doctor.\nI make sure to have her check me several times a year and especially after being at the beach since, as a fair- skinned blue eye person, I am susceptible to skin cancer. She detected a possible melanoma the last time I saw her. Referred me  to a surgeon for MOHS surgery which was successful. She's good!"
Dr. Adamczak was an amazing doctor and delivered our beautiful daughter via c-section on 2/20/12 at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital in San Diego.  She is excellent at taking her time to explain everything to you and has wonderful bedside manner.  Would definitely use again in the future and refer to anyone.
"She was able to diagnose my daughter AND treat her right away. We have been to three different doctors that refer us to new doctors, give us titles of books to read, but no treatment from any of them. We were very frustrated when we found Dr, Przeklasa. She diagnosed my daughter with a anxiety disorder and gave us treatment that day. We have noticed a big change with my daughters day to day attitude. She is much more relaxed and appears to feel more in control of her emotions."
"He did an emergency surgery on me yesterday ""Sunday""  October 14th for my appendix and I was back home at 10 o clock this morning feeling excellant. If this should change I would surely write back but so far so good and he was a very nice doctor."
"As a mom, I was nervous about taking in my son to a dentist and did a lot of research beforehand to make sure I made the right choice... which is why I decided to write this review!\nDr.Berens was extremely gentle and patient with my little guy.  She gave him time and space to warm up to her (my son's is not a fan of brushing his teeth) but he quickly took to her. I was shocked!  She was very personable, so I learned she has young kids of her own which must be why she was so successful.\nI am also now bringing my entire family to her, my husband and myself included.  I've recommended her to anyone looking for a dentist for the whole family.\n(And the kid play area in the waiting room was great!)"
Found Dr. Dolce to be knowledgeable and was happy with the results I got with my new veneers. Feels good to smile again!
This is the most professional office of any type I have ever visited. I cannot recommend Dr. Sherri highly enough.
He fit me in as a first patient and I didn't even have to wait at all. He also eased my anxiety about the future work that I have to do. Kudos to doctor and his wonderful staff.
I have been a patient of Dr. Scharf for several years. He has done all of my crown work and I will continue to be his patient for several years to come. I am very pleased with the fit and appearance of all his work.\nThanks Dr. Scharf
"Dr Hanson is a perfectionist, and this a trait that I was looking for in an orthodontist. I couldn't be happier with my results. She and her staff is not only very professional, but they make the the entire process fun! Dr Hanson treats every patient as a special person and part of her practice family. She's the greatest !"
My inexperienced young teenage daughter had to get some female issues checked out.  She was scared and nervous at having to go to a gynecologist in the first place.  Dr Carrizales and her staff were great from the first minute we entered the office.\n  Dr Carrizales did all she could to put my daughter at ease.  She kept her patient's comfort and dignity as the top priority during the whole appointment.\n  I have already recommended her to others.
"Our first IVF cycle was successful however the pregnancy was not healthy. The staff was wonderful towards us during that time. It really helped and is one of the main reasons why we have chosen to come back for another cycle. They made us feel important and it's the personal touches that count! I don't think there is a negative thing that I could say. The staff really helped us during a very stressful time. Allen really put his efforts in helping my husband. He was always available and even after our loss, sent us his condolences. It was a very nice gesture! My only complaint....the rooms are cold! Otherwise the office is beautiful! The organization & flow from start to end really worked for us. It helped to have a calendar as well as the support. There is no single person that I can pick out. ORH truly has a family/team working with the patient's best interests at heart!"
I am referring my family and friends. She is the only doctor who takes the time to llisten.
"I will follow him where ever he goes! I value his opinion, and his excellent care he provides me, and takes the time with me !!!!!"
"Dr Green is a professional, caring doctor, who is working to stablize the loss of my vision.  Without his treatment I would have lost my site by now."
"I started going treating with Dr. Adler in 1994 and I have yet to find a more skilled and dedicated physician. If someone actually rated him less than excellent - I cannot see how. I had an appointment today and his office in Dumfries is beautiful. I had not seen him in a few  years and when he passed me in the hallway â€“ he remembered not only me, but all of my medical conditions without the use of a chart. He is amazing."
"I was having a pain on my right side and after further test they found out that my gallbladder need it to be removed, that is when i had met Dr.Yurso, he took great care of me, he showed compassion and he even called me before my surgery to make sure i didnt had any questions and to tell me that everything was going to fine..He is one great doctor, i recommend Dr.Yurso to anyone that needs a surgeon..God bless Dr.Yurso,"
"Dr. Haeck performed abdominoplasty on me when my rectus abdominus muscles were separated due to 4 large pregnancies.  He also performed an umbilicoplasty on my teen daughter's umbilical hernia.  She now has the most beautiful belly button in the world!  Dr. Haeck has a charming bedside manner and will not perform surgeries he deems unnecessary (he talked me out of a nose job!)  He has a wonderful sense of humor and I would go to him again should I need any ""work"" done.  ...And his staff is incredibly nice!"
"By the time I got to Dr. Brett I had been in chronic pain for a couple of months.  I was getting desperate and felt depressed because of the ongoing pain in my left arm--pain that several doctors were not able to diagnose.\n\nThe minute Dr. Brett looked at my MRI he knew exactly what was wrong.  If he could have found an operating room opening he would have done surgery the very day he first saw me, but his staff was able to get me into surgery the next day.\n\nAs promised, I awoke from surgery pain free and I have had a very easy recovery.  Both times I've been in Dr. Brett's office he and his staff were thorough, competent, concerned and professional."
"Dr. McBrien spent a surprising amount of time with us, listened to our story, and gave great advise regarding treatment.  She also suggested natural treatment options, which we appreciated.  Although it took a couple of weeks to get in to see her, it was definitely worth the wait- very helpful doctor."
"I want to tell you how lucky I feel to have found Dr. Barrett, who has replaced both of my hips.  Six years ago, on the eve of my 50th birthday he replaced the left one using state of the art surgery.  I woke up pain free, my recovery was quick and I had about a 4"" scar from the procedure which you can barely see now.  I was able to resume all activities until my right hip began to bother me.  Six months ago, Dr. Barrett replaced my right hip with the anterior approach.  I was totally blown away by how quickly I recovered. Absolutely amazing!  I left the hospital on a cane, went out to lunch and did a little shopping before heading home.  Prior to the surgery he asked me, what are your goals this time around?  I told him I wanted my leg lengths to be even so I would walk without a limp, No problem.  I also told him I hoped to defend my gold medal playing pickleball in the Grand Canyon State Games, We accomplished that goal too!  People are just blown away when they learn I have two bionic hips.  You would nev"
"Dr. Doucette is the most caring and professtional doctor I have had in my lifetime! Besides saving my life, he gave me back my sense of self through his continuing support."
Dr. Hamori is an outstanding  physician who is quite knowledgeable about his field of medicine. He is conscientious and treats his patients with respect. He has a good bedside manner
I've been seeing Dr. Wellner for nearly four years. I find him to be a compassionate and skilled physician with a very courteus staff...Carol is great. I'm comfortable in telling him anything and knowing I will be treated well. His office has never failed to phone reminding me of my appointment. I was even taken for an emergency within the hour....good luck finding that anywhere else.I overheard a patient once commenting on how Dr. Wellner saved his life. My wife is very gratefull for the care I have recieved from Dr. Wellner and his staff...I am too. Friends who remember how sick I was now tell me I look great and ask who my Dr. is. I dont know what I'm going to do when he retires but he loves what he does and I think he will practice as long as possible.
Dr. Azurin cares for his patients hes been my doctor for many many years now. And I would recommend it to everyone else.
I have seen multiple md's for back issues and he is the only one that helped - I got my life back!
"after having a heart attack, in Philadelphia area, and having the best possible care I moved to Sebastian, FL about 5 years ago. I needed to find a new Doctor, and started looking, mainly through referals from others in the area. After, meeting the top rated cardiologists, I felt that I had to go back to Phila., for my heart care.I was not finding the correct mix of Doctor and staff. That is until I called Dr. Rizwi's office for an appointment. That was all it took, Dr. Rizwi is the man you need."
Dr. Watkins has been my PCP since 2002. You will never find a better Doctor anywhere. He shows concern for his patients and will do everything to help you. Takes his time with his patients and really listens to you. All the Nurses are top-notch and very kind and understanding of your needs as well. Would recommend Dr. Watkins to anyone needing a PCP.
"I refer all my friends and family to Dr Perito.  He is the best at what he does.  Just ask anyone that has worked with him.  It is unfortunate that statistically the only people that write reviews are the ones that have a complaint. \n\nI am not only a patient, but an associate who has had the opportunity to work with Dr Perito for the last 4 years.  I can tell you that his patients are in very capable hands."
"I suffer from chronic migraines with odd-ball aura/symptoms. After going to doctors, she is the only one that connected and confirmed this. She has described every test done, every medication prescribed, and genuinely cares about me. She's called to check on me after I had tests done and began medications to see how I was doing. I love her, and don't know what I could have done with out her!"
I had a cataract procedure to remove both cataracts done by Dr. Moosa with excellent results! I now have 20/15 in both eyes without any correction! Dr. Moosa and his staff are the best! Thanks again!
"When I think of the word ""psychiatry"" I envision a stuffy old man in a sweater vest who is over paid, dark office and leather couches. Dr. Muller is the opposite - except I believe he does own a few sweater vests. He is not quick to prescribe medication or label individuals. He has proven over time to show a genuine interest in his patients and their complete well being as people. He is empathetic and supportive and never complains about having to fill out paperwork. He also does believe in the using the patients own strengths be it meditation, exercise, yoga etc... to heal in place of medication if effective. I do respect this calm approach. I've referred some friends to him as well who were offered ""quick fixes"" in the form of medications that didn't work. Bart's ability to combine talk therapy with the medication when/if necessary and his patience to see the process through is a true asset to the community."
I find the therapy has been effective and feel more confident of returning to normal health because of it.
"I was a patient of Dr Cara Beth Lee for the last 9 months.   My initial visit was kind of a last ditch effort to get my hip pain (FAI) fixed.   After reviewing my records, then honestly and patiently answering my barrage of questions she agreed I was a candidate for surgery.   She then very thoroughly went through the pros and cons of what I was to expect.    During both surgeries 3 months apart Dr Lee and her staff made me feel so at ease....But what matters the most is I feel great.    Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth about their situation.... I'd rather have a Surgeon that  is cautiously optimistic rather than overly confident.......Its Surgery not Magic.   Thank you Dr. Lee"
"Excellent is the word to describe my experience with Dr. Au. Professional, informative & kind are also words to describe Dr. Au. If radiation is what is needed for Prostate Cancer, he is definitely the doctor you want to have in your corner. He leads by example & the office team is totally a reflection of his ideals."
Dr. Lee makes me look at least a decade younger.
"Dr. Shah is amazing.  I have had recurrent ear problems and she treated me accurately and quickly.  She made sure I understood all of her instructions and I felt better quickly.  Will certainly recommend her to my family, friends and co-workers!"
"I came to see Dr. Lawenda (he studied at Harvard) for a second opinion consultation, after having seen another doctor in town for my breast cancer. He and his office staff made me & my husband feel so at ease. Having this diagnosis was one of the scariest things to happen to me in my life, and Dr. Lawenda took more time than any other doctor answering my questions (and I had a lot) and laying out a few options for me. He was kind, gentle and looked me and my husband in the eye throughout our visit. When we left his office, we knew we found the right radiation doctor. My treatment is now over, and there were no surprises. I am doing really well. Who says you can't find amazing doctors in Las Vegas."
"Was seen for precancerous lesion on face.  Area was treated successfully.  Did a body check.  Took care of another lesion on foot and followed up both.  Appts made easily, little wait time on arrival.  Dr DeHoratius is very thorough and requests expert pathology reviews at U of Pa when necessary.   Have referred several family/friends to Dr DeHoratius.\nIt is so refreshing to find a doctor that obviously loves her work and exudes her expertise to her patients.  I referred a child to her and she orchestrated an appointment since the condition was emergent even though she was away on vacation.    Now thats dedication!  The mother of the child was so very grateful.  I consider myself most fortunate to be a patient of Dr DeHoratius and highly recommend her for all dermatology needs."
Visited for a severe cold. The front desk was very welcoming and sweet. The nurse was very good and drew my blood. She did not have to work very hard to get my vein. The doctor was very patient and caring. She knew what she was doing and got to the bottom of the problem. Within a week I felt good.
"Absolutely excellent treatment. Has gone above and beyond, helped managed care, treatment, and complications from Pancreatic Cancer for over a year."
I have never seen such a thorough doctor before.She addressed all issues that I was concerned for.
"I had to have both of my shoulders fixed and was hesitant about one.    Dr Flores made me understand my condition,what needed to be done to remedy it,and made me feel very comfortable due to this was my first surgery ever  \nI enjoyed his sense of humor and looked forward to an office visit.\nHis PT program also is first rate as well as the staff"
"In Miami-Dade County it is especially difficult to find a plastic surgeon who has the bedside manner that Dr. Craft and his staff demonstrate.  I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a trustworthy and highly competent surgeon.  During my first visit I did not even have an appointment for my initial consult.  His staff had me in his office within 5 minutes and my surgery was underway within 4 weeks.  The after-care and professionalism of his staff is also impeccable.  The office has a very clean, professional and home-like feel to it ... very relaxing.  I am extremely pleased with the choice I made in choosing a surgeon and will recommend him with enthusiasm to anyone I know that is seeking plastic surgery services."
I was finally referred to Dr. David Wang for my heart rhythm problem (A-fib) which had been worsening. He was knowledgeable and direct with the diagnosis and treatment options. Very kind and professional bedside manner with attention to details. Able to explain my complex problem in understandable terms. I trusted him to do my surgery and had a life changing experience.  Highly recommend!
"Dr. Bonanni is the most caring, knowledgeable, and skilled doctor I've ever met. He always takes the time to explain everything - your condition, the possible causes, and the treatment, and tailors it to you needs. My whole family has been to him and have had their LASIK surgery (and other eye surgery treatments) done by him. The results have been fantastic. Would recommend him without any question. A 'Must See',"
"Dr. Stanko and her excellent staff have left a wonderful impression on me. I highly reccomend this office for  adults as well as children, looking for professional care with a very caring touch. Dr. Stanko will go the second mile in her visit with the patient making sure they understand and that all questions are answered. I have been treated medically as well as cosmetically, and am impressesd with all the favorable results as well as the kind and warm relationship extended from Dr. Stanko, and staff to their patients. This office is a rare find and I believe you would be as impressed as I was!"
After going to several fertility specialists Doctor Beiter was able to help me conceive naturally.  He has been supportive and  helpful throughout my entire pregnancy.  I would Highly recommend him.
"We saw Dr. Przeklasa-Auth for a sports related concussion. The original Dr. we were referred to didn't have appts. for 3 months,  she got us in the next day!  She was wonderful.  She is very accessible, very caring.  I would highly recommend her!"
I love love love my Dr. I feel like we are team. I am honest with her and she gives me the best care possible. I am very disappointed that she will not be my doctor for much longer because she is the best Dr. that I have ever had.
"Overall, the visit was a pleasant experience considering the natural fear of a dental visit.  Doctor was very nice and thorough.  Staffs there were excellent as well.  Not sure how to review the cleaning since the Doctor does not do the cleaning in general."
The  BEST and PAIN-FREE dentist ever!!!!!
"I have known Dr. Sherri for many years and during the time she has been my dentist, I have had absolute certainty that my dental needs were being met thoroughly, competently and professionally. I wholeheartedly recommend Dr. Sherri Worth!"
"After one bad experience I decided to try out this office since I'm here a lot!\nBeautiful office, very lovely staff and great work.\nThanks guys....."
"I was recommended to see Dr. Scharf for some cosmetic work I needed and it was the best recommendation ever. I was tentative having any work done at all because I was not sure how the results would look. \nDr. Scharf presented several options, made suggestions and made me feel very comfortable and secure as to what I would look like. His experience and expertise was very helpful in my decision.\nI really appreciated all his direction and I LOVE MY NEW SMILE!"
"We have been so pleased with your service. It is amazing how you hit every point with excellence. Your knowledge, patience and overall attitude toward patients is remarkable!! Thank you for taking the time to make a grueling process actually enjoyable!"
My mom has a rare incureable disease. Dr. Cebik is very caring and understanding doctor. She deals pretty good with my mom.  I always have question about my mom's disease and she always has an awesome. Just love her.
"We initially started to go to ORH to see if a tubal ligation reversal was a viable option. It was decided that it would not be. We began to look into IVF but were unable to make the finances work from out end. However Dr. Johnson began to treat the Endometriosis I had been recently diagnosed with. My pain level was high and I was unable to work because of it. When conventional treatment wasn't working Dr Johnson tried a new little known treatment. That was in 2005, I remain pain free as of this writing in 2010. Thanks to Dr. Johnson's knowledge and caring my quality of life is great and I am able to do the things I love. He was also very personable, caring and helpful. Unfortunately I no longer live in the Seattle area, but Dr. Johnson is willing to continue my treatment if no one in my new area is comfortable. Everybody I dealt with in the office was just as caring and kind. I highly recommend them"
Spends time explaining diagnosis and options of treatment. She listens and communicates with me.
"I was a patient of Dr. Thompson's for 22 wks. He is a very professional, knowledgeable and caring doctor. I broke my humerus bone and was a complete mess for many weeks. I couldn't recommend a better doctor. He was wonderful."
"Dr. Gruen is a caring and thoughtful physician.  He takes his time with his patients, which sometimes means he runs a little behind, though they did warn me, for a complete exam I should plan on being there about two hours."
"Dr Jana Forsthoefel is wonderful.  She is a highly skilled surgeon with a straight forward manner.  She takes the time necessary to explain what your condition is exactly, what your options are and what her recommendation entails. She instills confidence because of her frankness.  Her professionalism though does not obscure her humorous and good natured personality.  She has definitely improved my quality of life by surgically correcting my physical problems successfully.  I consider her a supportive friend as well being my doctor."
Dr. Weiner is excellent.  His speciality is breast cancer and he really knows his stuff.  His staff was very warm and caring. I am very pleased with the cosmetic results following my lumpectomy and radiation. I was able to return to work in 24 hours after my surgery.  I highly recommend this physician.
"I was treated very well at Dr. Studinâ€™s office but the most striking thing of all was how warm his practice felt. I have an aversion to sterile clinics and doctorâ€™s offices and was so happy to finally see a doctor take stock in his practice as much as he did his patients. Go, feel great, and youâ€™ll never feel like a lab rat."
I thank Dr Nelson for a job well done!! Had it not been for him my mother wouldnt be with us today. I had her moved from Greenwood to Greenville and Dr Nelson helped me with that from day one of me callin him!!!
"Satisfied, fast on time appts. Very professional and courteous staff. Very nice environment!"
"Choosing the right Orthopedic doctor is a serious buisness.  Without reservation I can recommend Dr. Barrett, not just for his impressive creditials but because of my experience with the quality care I receive.  In my active lifestyle, being able to move without exeriencing pain was my motivation to seek the best Orthopedic Surgeon.  I did my research and Dr. Barrett was highly recommended to me by a Registered nurse who witnessed his work and chose him for her own hip replacement surgery.  At 48 years old, I trusted Dr. Barrett's recommendation for hip replacements for  my bilateral hip pain and degenerative arthritic hip joints.  That was five years ago and the best decision I have made.  My scars are minimal, and the surgeries and follow up care I have received have been excellent. Dr. Barrett is a top Doc and I am back to enjoying an active lifestyle again!"
He is the BEST doctor I have ever encountered.
"I emailed Dr. Szilagyi from a different state because of his research on the issue I am dealing with concerning my ulcerative colitis.  I never expected to hear from him.  He sent me a long, detailed e-mail answering my questions, citing research and guiding me towards the next steps.  I can't say enough about going above and beyond the call of duty!"
This Doctor is very thorough. We are so lucky to have him and this facility in Greenville.
"Dr. George Anthony Figueroa has been my doctor for over 12 years.  Dr. Figueroa is my very first Primary Care Physician in Florida when I first came from Canton, Ohio.  I have a very good experience with this doctor especially Dr. Figueroa knows how to take care of my skin problems (sensitive) and my health.  I have been healthy all these years.  I have my first permanent and longest job almost 15 years now in Florida, and Dr. Figueroa is my first longest doctor in Florida. I am very satisfied and happy with Dr. Figueroa's quality care and quality service in healthcare.  I would recommend Dr. Figueroa to my friends and relatives with no hesitation. I am a processor for a Mutual Fund Company (Investments/Business) in Saint Petersburg, Florida. I admit that I am not perfect all the time, and sometimes I do make mistakes no matter how careful I am including my supervisor, stock brokers and our shareholders. We do get charged for errors made. My job needs accuracy in inputting numbers($$), being detailed oriented"
"Dr Ghaly placed a spinal cord stimulator in my spine in about 1997.  I had excellent care and complete pain relief.  The procedure was long but I was kept comfortable and informed of what was happening, before/during and after the procedure."
He is an amazing doctor. Almost always I can call and get an appointment that same day! The staff and MA's are wonderful! They make you feel welcomed. I would recommend Dr. Aric any day!
"I've been a patient of Dr. Dimmette for the past 6 years and she has delivered the last 3 of my children. She is popular and quite busy, but she never makes your visits feel rushed. She is one of the better OBGYN's that I've seen over the years. She also has a nurse practitioner that helps with GYN appointments that is very nice. I would definitely recommend her."
"Doctor Wolf operated on my kidney cancer and removed just a part of it with exquisite results. His personality matches his unbelieveable professional abilities. He treats patiens in a way that no other doctor,that I have ever met did. He is your friend , helper , buddy ,advisor ,consultant and  an incredible supporter. Cancer is a nasty disease and Dr. Wolf can make you feel like it is just temporary and healable.If you are in his hands it surely is healable. Your set of mind changes from grim to almost jolly. He has a great sense of humour and is a very well mannered , pleasant , kind and posesses very friendly a great personality.He smiles a lot and is very humble for a level of expert that he is. Thank you Doctor. I will bless you through my whole life.Thanks to you I am 6 year survivor of kidney cancer and every checkup shows perfect shape of my kidney.I would put my life in your hands again anytime.Thank you from a bottom of my heart God bless you."
"I have a very rare neuro/autoimmune condition.  Dr Goslin diagnosed it through neuro exam & lab tests. She explained the condition in a way that I understood. None of my other physicians were familiar with the diagnosis.  She has been extremely helpful working with other specialists in creating a treatment plan.  Even though she has a very busy practice with ALS patients, she has always been available when needed.  She is extremely positive and compassionate.  She even goes the extra mile when difficult insurance issues arise.  I am so thankful that she is my neurologist!!"
"I had lasik vision correction done on 18/1/12. I can honestly say it is one of the best decisions I have ever made! After extensively researching my options and hearing wonderful things first-hand about Dr. Moosa, I knew I was in good hands. My eyes are feeling better every day and my vision is great. I am finally glasses-free for the first time in 27 years."
this los angeles plastic surgeon did an excellent nose job for me. He is very artistic and a compassionate cosmetic surgeon who spends much time with his patient. His office staff are very pleasant and helpful.
"I have been a patient of Dr. Walton for about 5 years now.  He has an outstanding manner and is a great listener.  He is extremely thorough.  He's understanding without being judgmental, but when I needed motivation to change some unhealthy habits, he wasn't afraid to be direct with me, something I really needed to hear."
Very thorough - took a good medical and family history.  Gave his opinion and explained his reasoning based up the evidence.
"Undergoing chemotherapy and radiation for stomach cancer and Dr. Au is my radiation Dr. He is understanding and direct about my condition, he lets me know what to expect in the most compatient way. Dr, Au is a doctor that cares very much about his patients and the results of his radiation apon the body, his warm smile and gentile words make me feel very relaxed and comforable in his presentes so each day no matter how weak I feel I must go on. Dr. Au from the first day that you meet him you know that he is on your side and wants you to feel better and get well. Thank you Dr. Au for being the kind of great doctor that you are."
"Dr. Lee is the only person I would allow to administer my Botox injections.  For the price I would pay at a beauty salon or primary care physician I get the expertise of a plastic surgeon.  His staff is friendly, the office is clean and conveniently located on routes 3 and 476 and I can always make appointments on short notice and never have to wait in the waiting room."
"Dr. Shah is just incredible.  I actually enjoy seeing her and she has helped with my ear, nose and throat issues many times"
I have been a patient of Dr. Vincent's for 8 years and I would not want to see anyone else. He recently performed life-saving surgery to remove a retroperitoneal tumor that had turned into an MPNST. After my surgery he came to check on me every day I was in the hospital and when I was home he even personally called me to tell me my pathology results were all clear because he didn't want to make me wait and worry until our follow-up appointment. Every time I have an appointment he makes me feel like I am his most important patient of his day. I never feel rushed but he always takes the time to see how I am doing and to answer all my questions. He always explains everything about my condition and explained exactly what my surgery would involve so when I went into surgery I had no anxiety because I knew exactly what was going to happen. Although Dr. Vincent is one of the best neurosurgeons in the world he does not have a shred of ego or arrogance. He is so down to earth and personable and he cares about patients
"Dr. Ghiselli was the third doctor I had seen to treat annoying skin irritations on multiple areas of my body. The previous two doctors assumed they were related, due to a fungus and prescribed medication accordingly. These approaches failed. Dr. Ghiselli took a couple of extra minutes to examine and scrape the affected areas to determine the cause. She then thoroughly explained her diagnosis, why the previous treatments were ineffective, and why her treatment proposal would be more effective. I was very impressed with her bedside manner, courtesy, communication and diagnostic skills. She has earned my future business."
"I would definitely recommend Dr. Muhammad Ali!! He is so knowledgeable, diagnosing my problems by LISTENING! WOW, imagine that! You have a doctor who listens, cares about you and your family (Since he is a FAMILY DOC), and is so mkaes appropriate decisions, that he explains to you in detail, allowing you to feel comfortable with the medical condition, so that you can better take care of yourself. I love the staff, the office, the convenience! I finally found what I was looking for!"
"Dr Taghinia earned my full trust while treating my daughter. His genuine concern and dedication were very apparent. He treated my daughter like a person and not just another patient. He went out of his way to ensure her overall well being; not just physically, but mentally as well. His bedside manner with her and us was exceptional. I would recommend him in a heart beat to anyone who required his expertise. There is not a single negative thing I could say about him. An excellent surgeon, doctor and person!"
"Dr. Thompson is simply amazing!  She listens well and thoroughly explains illnesses and conditions.  She takes concerns seriously and takes every step to ensure, as a parent, that you are satisfied with the outcome.  She investigated a bleeding/bruising concern with my child, that was overlooked by his former pediatrician, and discovered that my son has a hereditary bleeding disorder.  I am so grateful for doctors like Dr. Thompson who take pride in a loving, gentle, and effective bedside manner.  My son loves her and so do I!  The staff is polite and courteous and they are great with appointments on short notice.  The wait is never more than 5-10 minutes and I know what to expect every time we go in.  She leaves no stone left unturned when it comes to a child's health and a parent's concerns.  I would recommend her to EVERYONE!"
"I want to thank God and Dr. George Martin for making me walk again.  A year and a half ago, I got an infection because of the catheter that I have for dialysis.  It went to my whole body.  I stopped walking.  I was hospitalized for 2 months with therapy and hyperbaric oxygen treatment but nothing helped.  I was in severe pain in my legs, hips, and back.  I went to pain management to control my pain when I would take dialysis.  \n\nDr. Martin went to see me and he told me that when I was feeling better to go and see him.  I used to be in a wheelchair and with lots and lots of pain.  A few weeks ago, Dr. Martin operated on my lower back and now I can walk and have NO PAIN!  Once in a while I get a little pain, but nothing like what I was having. \n\nDr. Martin has changed my life completely.  I can walk and right now I still use my walker sometimes.  Praise God and Dr. George Martin for helping me!  I highly recommend him.  May God bless him to keep helping other people."
"I had been to several doctors and when I met with Dr. Craft he was the one.  He had amazing bed side manners and he took his time with me and was very informative. I recommend him highly,"
"Dr. Millegan is an amazing physician.  I am not sure how much these reviews actually matter, but he certainly does deserve recognition for his outstanding professionalism, pragmatic approach to medicine, and relatable demeanor.  I am now stronger than ever before because of him, and I credit this man for saving my life.   Consider yourself fortunate if you ever get the opportunity to have him as your doctor."
"Is willing to discuss all the options, not just a quick-fix to get you out of the office.   Has the courage to say when she doesn't know something."
"I can't begin to say enough about Dr. Cohen and his expertise in the management of my chronic nose and sinus problems.  I went to him after a friend of mine who is a pediatrician went to him for her own sinus surgery.  She couldn't stop raving about Dr. Cohen, his staff and how pleased she was with her results.  So I had surgery on my deviated septum, turbinates and sinuses by Dr. Cohen 2 months ago and have been ecstatic over the results.  No more headaches, infections or problems breathing.  Snoring gone too!  AMAZING THNX"
"Dr. Andrews essentially saved my life when he diagnosed that the failure of the medications to treat my pneumonia was due to a cardiac virus. Previous to his diagnosis, last rites were performed on me when my family was told that my condition was becoming extremely critical and was not responding to conventional medication for double pneumonia. I eventually responded to his treatments and owe him my life."
"Dr. P. has been fantastic with my daughter!  She has excellent bedside manner, listens, assesses issues timely and appropriately.  She is EXTREMELY available for questions and concerns on the phone or over email.  She gets right back to you with excellent professional advice and attention.  I can't say enough GREAT things about her!!!"
I had my LASIK done by Dr. Mudgil 3 months ago. I feel so free. Life has not been better. My friends tell me I look ten years younger and I don't have to mess around with contacts.  The results are amazing. The doctor is professional and so knowledgible. His staff was so supportive. Thank you for making this wonderful change in my life.
"Dr Campbell and his hygentist staff are thorough, yet gentle and friendly.  Our family of 6 switched over to Dr. Campbell about 10 years ago after we got tired of being worked over our old dentist' staff that didn't understand or care that some people have very sensitive mouths.  It was so bad that my older boys started to refuse to go to the dentist!  \n\nDr. Campbell and his staff are knowledgeable, accommodating and sensitive to those of us with fears of dental work.  They are non-judgemental and will give you honest advise for work that should be done, but will leave the decision up to you."
Dentist is very down to earth and honest. I had gone to another dentist who said that my granddaughter had three cavities. Dr. G did the exam and said that she had no cavities. Entire staff is friendly and office is absolutely stunning!
Dr Sherri and her entire office staff are outstanding. There are not enough words of praise that we can offer for how wonderfully we have been treated. I have recommended this office to all my co-workers. This office is the best in town! I give it my highest rating!
"I have been using Dr. Keith Hopper for a few years now and he is wonderful.  The staff is so nice.  This is also my childrens dentist.  They are 4 years old and actually like going to the dentist to have their teeth cleaned.  One of my daughters, at the age of 4, needed a cavity filled and she acted like there was no discomfort.  She didn't complain or skirm.  Dr. Hopper was so gentle."
I am very appearance conscious and my smile is really important to me.  Dr. Scharf made sure that it looks great and I am so happy with the result that he gave me.
Both of my children have received treatment from Dr. Johnson and we couldn't be happier with the services and the outcome. It's a very comfortable office and the staff is top notch. I have recommended Dr. Johnson to many people.
"Severe back pain while on a business trip is HELL. I went to see Dr. Contreras Friday for this condition because I could barely walk due to the level of pain. He, and his staff, understood what I was experiencing and immediately began treating me for the pain after examination. I was a bit reluctant to receive the shock treatment he suggested but he assured me it would help relax my muscles. I agreed, and within minutes I was being treated; it was fantastic. In addition, the doctor administered an injection to help swelling and prescribed medications to help the condition, thus allowing me to continue my job.  I typically do not feel the need to commend physicians for doing their job but Dr. Contreras really went above and beyond to help an out of town patient. We seriously need more medical professionals like Dr. Contreras in this world."
I tore my ACL while playing soccer and needed to have ACL reconstructive surgery. Never having had surgery before i was understandably a very nervous patient from the get go. Dr. Jensen and his staff took extra care to make sure my family and I were as comfortable and informed as possible. He spend a great deal of time with us explaining the ins and outs of my procedure and what I could expect with the recovery as well. He remained very involved in my care from the time I came to the office for my initial visit throughout the physical therapy portion of my treatment plan. I have and will continue to highly recommend Dr. Jensen to anyone I know needing orthopedic care.
"I had a previous gynecologist that I was speaking to about conceiving, after trying for over a year I tried to get some advice from him and he was very cold and had no empathy for my situation. I left his office that day hurt and very upset. The very next day I begin to look for another Gynecologist and ran across Dr. O'Neil. My first visit was so pleasant starting with his medical assistants. I explained to him how my previous Dr was and he made me confident that he wasn't that way. He sent me to get checked to see if I was able to conceive and even said my husband could get checked if he needed to. He is very open and honest and always willing to answer any questions. I am now 7 months pregnant and I am still satisfied with the gentleness of Dr. O'Neil and his staff."
"Saw Dr. Trabal for a well woman visit.  He is very quick and talks the entire time and puts you at ease.  The breast exam is done while sitting and I had to expose both breasts at the same time.  The pelvic exam is fast.  He looked at my vaginal area, spread my labia, lifted my clitoral hood, and spread my butt cheeks to looks at my anus.  He did not put a finger in my anus, only two fingers in my vagina.  Very gentle and fast."
"Dr. Guyton operated on my child for strabismus.  He is very knowledgeable and, according to other doctors, one of the leading strabismus doctors in the country.  One doctor said to us, ""If Guyton says you should operate, then you should operate.""  Dr. Guyton is very formal and has a confident, almost arrogant, way about him.  It only comes out now and then, and he does have the resume to back it up, so it is not a big concern.  He also is presumably getting close to retirement - 34 years since residency, so you if you have a long-term issue you may want to go with a younger person at the Wilmer Eye Institute or one of the top eye hospitals."
"Dr. Cooper is the one of the best OB-GYN and gynecological surgeons in the area. He accurately diagnosed the cause and laid out the options I had to deal with menhorragia and anemia. He did a great job as surgeon and was especially kind when visiting every day post-op. His manner is gentle and kind but very efficient/knowledgable. I've moved and his office is a hour from where I live but I am more than happy to make the drive to have him as my gynecologist. He uses the latest-and-greatest methods yet also prescribes old-fashioned, effective treatments (totally eliminating yeast infections) so you get the best possible treatments and outcomes."
Excellent surgeon
Went to Dr. Studin for breast augmentation after hearing about his under-the-muscle procedure. I know I wanted to go larger but had no idea what size exactly or if I wanted them above or under the muscle. I heeded Dr. Studinâ€™s advice and he did not steer me in the wrong direction. Iâ€™m now a natural-looking 34C and feel and look great!
He performed an incredible surgery that changed my life. I was able to live without pain again including being able to walk again. I was only 16 years old and he showed the out most patience and care for me.  He is a wonderful human being and an excellent Doctor!
Dr. Heller and his assistant were both great. On time and thorough with my issues and questions. Great recommendation from existing patient.
"I've had a long history of congenital hip problems and multiple surgeries to my right hip.  As a prior physical therapist, athlete and very active 46 year old, I wanted to ensure that I found the best surgeon to perform my Total Hip.  All my research (including conversations with other orthopedic surgeons) led me to Dr. Barrett.  From the very beginning of the process to now, I have been very impressed by Dr. Barrett's professionalism and ability to communicate treat plans and goals.  I am almost 2 years post-op, and could not be happier with my outcome!  Anyone considering total joint replacement, owes themselves a visit to Renton to see Dr. Barrett."
I have been a patient of Dr Hirsch for may years. Every once in a while he finds something that manages to save my life. Often it's not diabetic related. He is a wonderful professional and a wonderful person as well. Trust your life to him and you will be glad that you did.
Willing to listen to my health concerns and takes time to answer my questions to my satisfaction with understandable details.  I feel that I am in good hands with my cardiac care.
This Doctor changed my life!!!! I had a number of issues that several doctors could not address in the past. One visit changed my life:) Dr. Williams was patient and kind; he explained everything and developed a plan for me to be healthy. Dr. Williams is a God Sent!
"Dr. Ness always takes the time to truly listen, and he looks at the whole person instead of just the narrow problems. I have gone to him for years"
"I went to my family doctor and though I had an ulcer because of stomach pain.  They ordered an ultra sound.  It showed a kidney stone.  I wanted it removed.  They referred me to Dr Parr.  He looked at my PSA levels and wanted a biopsy of my prostrate.  Mind you, my family doctor and an endocrinologist were not concerned with the same blood work with the same PSA level.  Sure enough, it was malignant. He found it soon enough so it did not have a chance to spread.   Just finished 45 radiation treatment.  Feel great.  HAVE A SPECIALIST READ THE PSA.\nHe got the stone at the same time as the biopsy."
"She is amazing at what she does. Always very helpful with any questions I have and never goes with what is ""in"" but rather products that she trusts. Kind hearted with a great bed side manner, I feel like I can talk to her about anything."
"I've just read several negative reviews regarding Dr. Kennard, and I feel we must be talking about a different Dr??? This woman is kind and compassionate, and yes very direct and to the point. I want my RE to be a genius in her field which she is, i don't need her to be my therapist or my mom. I had 6 IUI's with another Dr, and I saw Dr. Kennard once, was correctly diagnosed, put on the correct medicine and conceived a beautiful healthy baby the first time. I know that not everyone is this lucky. For example, my partner is going through very traumatic infertility issues and Dr. Kennard is also her Dr. She has been extremely patient, sensitive, caring, and yes very honest, which is what we wanted, and what we love about her. She hugged my partner as she sobbed in her office, we were not rushed, we did not feel that we needed to make any decisions right away. She gave us the facts, she even stepped out of her Dr. role and gave us advice on how to deal with this with our relationship...I don't know how much more"
"Dr. Horton is a one of a kind surgeon. He cares about his patients and follows through on their recovery.  Just as importantly, he listens to his intuition and acts on it.  I had a rough recovery from a routine procedure, suffering from just about every complication a person could and it was only because of Dr. Horton's quick action and consistent follow through that I am here today."
Hard to find a Doctor like this. When speaking with Dr. Monastersky he seemed sincerely interested in my problem. It did not feel like assembly line which seems to be the norm these days. I would strongly recommend Doctor Monastersky to anyone in the need of a neurologist.
"One of the best decisions I ever made for myself! Dr. Moosa and his staff truly changed my life for the better, I cannot say enough great things about my visits. The day after my surgery I could read 20/20 and most of the 20/15 line, my contacts at best couldn't even give me 20/20 vision. Very pleasant and professional staff, I couldn't be more pleased with my experience here, I recommend Dr. Moosa to anyone and everyone I meet. Thank you again Dr. M and staff!"
"I would just like to say Dr. Janeway has been a blessing in my life and furthermore would recommend him to anyone; including friends and relatives I know who are seeking the proper care, advice and treatment appropriate for their conditions medically."
"Dr. Bruno replaced my worn out thumb joint.  It is a difficult surgery to bare on the patient. Dr. Bruno was kind and patient as well as understanding. It's been 10 months since the surgery, and my thumb joint is no longer painfull. I would recommend Dr. Bruno, he's well educated, leave you with almost invisible scaring, and is kind and funny. With this surgery you need funny. He has a super staff working with him to keep us all happy."
I had this doctor as my personal doctor for general practices. He is bright and considerate when it comes to your ailments and takes the time to get to know you as well as your problems. He makes for a great family doctor for adults as well as kids.
"I was diagnosed with stage IV squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue, throat, and lymph nodes in November 2011. I had surgery in December to remove the cancer and am currently receiving radiation from Dr. Samuel Au. From the first appointment with Dr. Au, I have felt very comfortable with him as he has thoroughly explained all aspects of what my treatment would be, possible side effects, and what I might experience going through the radiation and chemo therapy. When my treatments were to start, I had so much anxiety and could not do the treatments as I felt like I was going to drown in my saliva. Dr. Au spent time with me and helped me through the anxiety and I have now completed half of my scheduled treatments. I wish every doctor would show the same compassion with their patients and take the time like Dr. Au does to make sure that the patient and their family members understand the treatment that their patients will be going through. Thank you Dr. Au."
"I have been going to Dr. Lee for my Botox & Juvederm injections for 2 yrs. I love my lips most of all. People never really noticed them before my injection and afterwards, I have had friends tell me that they are my best feature. They look very natural but full and defined. \n\nI have had injections a at other spas or doctor's office. I think I appreciate Dr. Lee more because I have tried other people. He just knows what looks natural and best on me. I trust his sense of aesthetics. Also, why doesn't everyone apply numbing medicine like his office? it makes it so much more comfortable! I wouldn't go anywhere else."
Dr. Shah really listened to my complaints and treated my problem quickly.  She has an amazing education -- Princeton and Johns Hopkins and a great bedside manner.  How can you beat that?  I have sent all of my friends to her.
"Dr. Agnelli is THE BEST!!!  She listens and answers all your questions, shes gently and funny too. You will feel totally comfortable with her, she and her staff are very caring, going for a yearly exam isnt so bad with her, hehehe"
"Was referred to Dr. Newmann for derm surgery about a year ago, where she biopsied a large mole, re-excised another, and did melanoma surgery on another. To save recovery time, I opted to have all three done at the same time and she was supportive of that. She conversed with me on a human level and was conscientious of my mom sitting in the waiting room (worrying), and brought her in as soon as she could (though probably a little too soon, all the bloody gauze hadn't been picked up yet!). She provided all the information I needed to nurse my wounds and the clinic offered same day wound care appointments for those days I couldn't get a friend over to do it for me (I couldn't reach two of them).  She called me the next day to check in (her day off).  Considering the magnitude of the incisions, my wounds looked great when I left - very clean, perfectly straight incisions with only a few sutures on the outside.  I had to return because my body rejected the sutures and created potential infection sites - Dr. Newman"
"she is a Dr that listen's. She try's to understand. I love the fact that she takes her time, as if you were the only pt. of the day."
"Dr Claytor is one of the few doctors I fully trust. His surgical work is phenomenal. He performed skin graphs on the top of both of my aunt's hands because of skin cancer. If you were to see her hands today you would never know she had work done. \n\nHe was also involved in open chest surgery on my aunt when she had a cancerous rib removed. He was responsible for a procedure known as a ""flap"" in which muscle tissue and skin was taken from my aunt's back and used to cover the surgical wound on her chest. Her nurses were blown away by the results. They told me it was some of the best they have seen. \n\nDuring her hospital stay and prior to the surgery he took the time to make sure my aunt fully understood what she was going through and addressed all of hers and the familyâ€™s concerns. \n\nI highly recommend Dr Claytor. We are very fortunate to have him in Portsmouth."
my 10 year son had to have his appendix removed and i dont know who was more scared me or him.He had never been put under anestisa or had any surgery of any kind.Dr.Limpert was very understanding made my son and myself more comfortable.As soon as his surgery was done he immediatley came out and told everything went great and let me in the recovery room with him even though he said they dont usually do that.My son also had to have one of his teeth removed for some reason and when he woke up in recovery they put a dollar under his pillow.He made me feel so comfortable about the procedure and i was happy he was the surgeon and would recomend him to anyone with a child that has to have surgery.Thank You Dr.Limpert from the Haynes Family
"After being told by half a dozen+  surgeons that I needed a knee replacement, a physcian friend referred me to Dr. Barry.  Within one week I was walking like 20 years ago with ZERO pain, etc. He only does KNEES.  Althogh he is an orthopedic surgeon he limits himself to non surgical remedies.  Oh yes the cost was dramatically LOW.  I highly recommend"
"Dr. Craft has amazing bedside manners, his staff is very friendly and I felt right at home.  He gave me all the time I needed and answer all of my questions and more. I recommend him highly !!"
DR Hendrix has been my GP dr for about 3 years and I'm very please with him. He listens and works with you and helps you understand your medical problems.
"I left another doctor who was not sensitive to my needs as a patient. Her hand was on the doorknob from the moment she entered the room. She either threw medicine at me or denied it to me, depending on some unknown whims. I started to dread going. Then I met Dr. Perry. She is thoughtful and listens carefully when I talk to her. She talks with other specialists involved in my care and advocates on my behalf. I am so thankful to be in her care now."
"I'm the wife of one's of Dr. Wright's patients with bladder cancer who had chemo, bladder removal surgery, and a neobladder build. I attended every single appointment/test/consultation with my husband during this process, and I have to say Dr. Wright is absolutely the best. He is kind, compassionate, informative, approachable, positive while realistic, and not remotely condescending. He truly listened to everything we said and thoroughly answered every question we had.\n\nMost importantly, he made us feel like our case was his only focus whenever he was with us. We know he's had hundreds of patients and performed hundreds of surgeries and none of this is new to him. But he always made us feel that what was happening to us was of vital concern to him, and we always had his full attention, enthusiasm, and imagination. I know I asked some questions three times over - he was never impatient, and always strove for clarity in his answers.\n\nDr. Wright made himself available to us by phone and email and responded promp"
"I had an eye infection,which was to me,serious,and affected my vision. I needed an emergency appt. and was promptly seen that same day,unusual for most doctors in Southern New Jersey,from my prior experiences here,as a 20 year resident.How refreshing to hear,,I will see you today,and "" make the time,in my schedule,"",to see you.The patient,is my primary,concern.Later that day I,was seen.I highly recommend Dr.Bogdan,to those in need of a caring and EXCELLENT ,eye physician,and eye surgeon."
She is an amazing neurosurgeon.  She just recently did a brain tumor surgery on my daughter and she is left with no side effects!! We had found out that she had a brain tumor on a Thursday night and Friday mid afternoon it was removed.  We had just met her that morning and already we felt at ease and totally trusted her!!! I would recommend her to anyone!!
"We have and will continue to recommend Dr. Jahromi to everyone.  He is truly an excellent physician, extremely knowledgeable, caring and compassionate.   My husband was treated for a brain injury and we can not begin to say enough about the care he received."
"Dr. Campbell is a real pro. He expertly works with his patients, and takes measures to minimize any potential pain and discomfort. I don't think anybody truly enjoys visiting the dentist, but his friendly staff and approachable personality certainly help to minimize that dread. I'd highly recommend Dr. Campbell and truly appreciate the way he has treating my family and I over the years!"
Very professional.   I have my wisdom teeth removed and she explained everything and followed up with me after.
Dr. Sherri is amazing. She uses the latest technology and combines it with a wonderful disposition. I am so happy that we found him! I highly recommend her!
I went to Dr. Garro worried about my wisdom teeth and crooked teeth. I thought I might need braces and he does Invisalign in the office. I decided to go through with the Invisalign to avoid having a mouth full of metal. The process is very simple and my teeth moved into place in just 8 months! Go see this dentist and you will not be dissapointed!
"Just wanted to say Hi and say to Dr. Scharf, You did a fantastic job. My teeth feel great and better yet...Look awesome! I love the contouring you did to make my front teeth look a bit longer. I feel like they fit my face better. I am really happy with my new smile!"
"Dr Bates submitted a claim to my insurance for proposed jaw surgery for my daughter. Aetna approved all the codes that were submitted and told me I would only have to pay a $75 copay for her surgery. Dr Bates office tried 3 times to have me sign a paper whereby I understood that my insurance did not cover all codes and I would be out of pocket by $13,870 (thirteen thousand eight hundred and seventy dollars) which is nearly the same amount the insurance was going to pay him. Of course he also wanted the full amount paid before surgery. I knew something was wrong when his assistant told me not to call the insurance and when his rude office manager (Rick) told me they charge what they want and do not care about their agreement with the insurance."
"Dr. Walailuk is an incredibly great physician.  She is friendly, caring, and knowledgeable.  She listens and allows the patient to participate in treatment decisions.  I have seen her around 10 times.  She always went the extra mile with me.  I could tell that she was highly respected by the hospital staff as well."
Dr. Johnson has performed several surgeries on my knees and shoulders.  He and his staff genuinely care about their patient's well being.  The staff is so welcoming and personable.  I would recommend Dr. Johnson for anyone with orthopaedic needs.
Dr. O'neil is a great Dr. I'm goign onto 7 months pregnant and i have no complaints about his service. He is always willing to listen to my concerns and he has answers for them.  I'm very comfortable with him.
Dr Taub clearly has the patient at heart. His advice and recommendations regarding treatment or intervention options is sensible and relevant to the patient.
"I have had. Many. Eye. Exams. Here and have always. Been. Very. Satisfied.     The. Staff is. Friendly.,,and pleasant and professional\n     Two. Years. Ago. I. Had a bad. Fall. On. Ice. ,And.   IHit. My. Head. Right above. Eye.     and.  I. Was. Able. To get. An. Appointment. Right away to be   Treated.     When. No. Other. Office. Could. Offer. An. Opening.    ."
"Dr. Epstein is awesome to say the least!! Unlike some doctors, he truly cares about his patients.  Dr. Epstein has seen me through three  failed pregnancies, and the very difficult removal of my fallopian  tubes.  He always encourages me and says very positive things to me about my options and having children in the future.  When I say, ""If we ever have a baby,"" he ALWAYS says, ""When, you have a baby!!""  He encourages me to keep my dream of becoming a mother alive, even when I feel like giving it all up.  He is not a cold fish like many doctors are.  Recently, I was there for my routine pap smear, and just talking about my struggles with infertility brought me to tears. It is not my goal to get sympathy , but when I cry, I can tell that he truly understands what I'm going through and wants the best for me. \nRecently, I moved out of Elgin, but will continue to make the drive to see Dr. Epstein. He is God sent!  The two surgeries that he performed on me were very time sensitive, and truly saved my life! \nDo not"
"I have been a patient of Dr. Walker for 4 years now. I suffer from chronic, daily headaches and migraines. He was the first doctor that actual took the time to listen to all of my symptoms and come up with a treatment plan that works. Both he and his staff are extremely polite and professional. I highly recommend this doctor to anyone."
"HeÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s a botox whiz! I had very fine lines that other doctors kept telling me to fill, lift, etc., but Dr. Studin narrowed in on the problem. He administered very minimal botox in a few areas, and, voila! I go back a few times a year for maintenance and am convinced IÃ¢â‚¬â„¢m now aging backwards."
"Dr. Joseph Piatt is the most wonderful doctor i have ever met in my life. He changed my life forever. My brother's life was saved by him, and ever since then which is 7 years, i have wanted to be just like him. I am only 14 and he made me want to be a neurosurgeon. I tell people all of the time that he is my all time hero."
"The service was immediate and the workers were cordial and friendly. Although it was a little busy today, Dr. Heller was still able to address my concerns to my satisfaction, as well as offer helpful suggestions. I had a great experience, thanks!"
"I am a 58 year old male and had my left knee replaced in January, 2012 by Dr. Barrett.   His manner in evaluating and treating my case was perfect.  When we met and reviewed my x-rays, he clearly discussed my condition and made me feel comfortable as he helped me understand treatment options and paths.  After trying several non-surgical treatments, I accepted that replacement was necessary, and I was absolutely certain that Dr. Barrett was the surgeon I wanted to do it.  He took the time to answer every question and concern that both my wife and I had.  I never felt rushed during my consultations with him, was treated with respect, and understood the process.  Dr. Barrettâ€™s office staff was also excellent.  On multiple occasions, before and after my surgery, I emailed questions to his office and always received prompt responses, sometimes even during weekends and evenings.\n\nMy new knee feels great!  Stable and pain free, I have complete range of motion, without any awareness of having a prosthetic joint.  I"
"I am a bad patient, smoked like a furnace for 35 years, obese, idle, diabetic for 32 years, major depression for 32 years, bipolar for even longer, since 1951 (with remissions), cluster headache for 32 years (with recent remission for 10 years) , kidney stones in 1976, heart attacks in 1993 and 2008 (questionable). Other hospitalization for methicilln resistant infection for 3 weeks and out of work for 6 months in 2005. I have been impotent for 18 years. Dr. Tsuzaki has been my physician for, I believe, 30 years if he has been at Kaiser for that long. He has been patient, warning, interested in my suggestions of medications, friendly but he does not ignore my failure to follow his advice. With a number of truly painful diseases I have needed some powerful narcotics (some rated stronger than morphine), and he prescribes exactly the medicines and amounts I ask for (my own requests are based on my reeseach and I have had to tolerate intractable suffering.   I firmly believe he has kept me alive this long. I am 8"
"DR.JAMES A CARNAHAN MD, OUTSTANDING, CARING, MEDICAL PROFESSIONAL - HEADS & SHOULDERS ABOVE SOME OTHERS IN THE FIELD, ALWAYS AWARE OF YOUR  NEEDS AND KNOWS YOUR CHART LIKE HIS OWN, AND HAS COMPASSION FOR HIS FELLOW MILITARY VERTERANS"
WAS SEEN FOR A YEARLY CHECKUP FOR MVP. HAD A STRESS TEST TO SEE HOW MY HEART WAS UNDER STRESS. DR. WYNE IS A GREAT CARDIO SPECIALIST DOES ALL NECESSARY TEST TO MAKE SURE THERES NOTHING WRONG. ALSO SEEN MY HUSBAND AND HE DIDNT FIND ANYTHING WRONG ON EKG SO HE HAD A HEART CATHERIZATION ORDERED FOR HIM MY HUSBAND HAD A BLOCKAGE THAT WASNT SHOWING UP ON OTHER TEST HE PROBABLY SAVED MY HUBBYS LIFE. SO THANKS DR. WYNE
"Dr. Newton is really great. He cares so much about his patients. I am self pay and his rates are so fare. He does not seem to care about getting his money at all, rather then help you."
"I first found Dr. Wagner 12 years ago after turning my ankle on a run.  Since then I have seen him for all of my medical care except for the annual PAP.  His staff always gets me in within a day!  My husband and teenagers also now go to Dr. Wagner, as they relate to a doctor who really practices what he preaches.  We couldn't be more pleased with the individual attention, excellent care and follow through that Dr. Wagner has provided our family."
"Dr. Passloff is awesome.  My girls love her (my 2 year-old actually asks to go to the dr). She is very helpful and practical in her advice about raising children.  One of the biggest perks is that she returns phone calls herself, and if she is out of the office, another pediatrician in the office returns the call, which has saved me many trips to the office.  The nurses are are very friendly and always remember my daughters by name."
"Can be a bit of a wait, but well worth it. Dr. lasting spends more time with his patients than any doctor I've ever seen. He is a great surgeon and has a great bedside manner."
"Dr. Wolf has been my lead surgeon over the past 5 years as I battled cancer and related surgeries. Dr. Wolf takes his job personally, his concern for his patient comes through at every appointment. I credit his surgical skills for giving me back a quality of life that looked doubtful at best earlier this year. His communication skills are outstanding; he takes the time at each appointment to ensure all questions and concerns are addressed in whatever level detail the patient requires. I feel very fortunate to have had Dr. Wolf as my surgeon."
Dr. Burns showed such compassion when dealing with my 93 year old Mother's back problem.  She is an excellent doctor and I would highly recommend her to anyone.  Her staff is very professional and treats each patient with the respect they deserve.
"I really had the BEST experience with Dr. Moosa and his entire staff. Everyone in that office is amazing! I don't have the words to express my thanks. From the minute I walked in the doors of the office everyone made me feel so comfortable and worry free. I would recommend Dr. Moosa and his staff to everyone that is even thinking about LASIK surgery. When it comes to your eyes, go to the BEST!!! All my thanks to you Dr. Moosa!!!"
"Dr. Patel has been my neurologist for more than a decade. He figured out conditions that two other doctors had missed, and helped me understand what I needed to do to prevent my most severe headaches. Bright, smart, and he listens -- rare in his field."
I was seen by this doctor in his Valley Village office.  He was able to see me within 15 minutes of my arival.  The staff is very warm and nice.  He was able to resolve my problem very fast.  I would recommend him with all my heart.
Dr. Gandhi is one of the most helpful doctors I have seen. He is willing to teach me to manage my condition successfully. His answers to my questions are broad and intuitive. I wish every one I see were as committed to patient care as he.
"My mom was having severe dizziness and balance problems for 3 months, she is 73. I took her to see my ENT Doctor Marc Tabor at USF. Doctor Tabor is awesome but does not specialize in balance disorders. Doctor Tabor referred my mom to Doctor Danner. Within a few visits Doctor Danner was able to fix my mom's balance problem without medication or surgery. I cannot say enough good things about Dr Danner. Dr Tabor and Dr Danner are on my short list of go to doctors for ENT."
"Dr. Lee is an incredible and highly competent oculoplastic surgeon. I recieved lower eyelid as well as left upper eyelid surgery from him last August, 2011. The result is amazing and I am more self-confident with the way I look. I don't look tired all the time even when I may feel it. I would not trust any other surgeon with this sensitive surgery. He is highly qualified as one can see from his credentials. He is also  approachable, professional, and makes you feel at ease before and after the surgery. The staff is easy to work with and readily available to answer any concerns or questions. I highly recommend Dr. John Lee."
"Dr. Shah has an amazing ability to make you feel comfortable.  She took the time to explain my ENT problems.  Her educational background is superb and she is accurate in her diagnosis, thoughful in creating her treatment plan and caring in her delivery of it.  I can't say enough wonderful things."
Doctor Otteson did a wonderful job taking care of our little girl. She has a reaction to most med. He made sure that everyone was aware and there was extra staff in there in case something were to happen. Thank heaven nothing did.
"After seeing two different doctors, one a urologist and none gave me a solid diagnosis to speak of; then at Hines VA Hospital I saw Dr. Minor, she knew instantly that my problem was benign (cysts) and nothing to worry about. She also answered my general questions very proficiently. Excellent, highly recommended."
"Dr. Schmidt is an outstanding eye doctor.  After cataract surgery, my vision is now perfect!  He is amazing."
"Can not say enough positive about Dr Dunn and his staff. He identified the tumor, operated, and I was home in a couple of days. Dr Dunn has also formulated a plan going forward. We are very satisfied and positive about future treatments."
"I saw Dr. Caines for my long standing heart condition. The appointments were set very quick, I did not have to wait more than 5 minutes to see a Doctor. Dr. Caines is very knowledgeable and caring. She explained me my condition, treatments options, and personally performed a stress test, and then a cardiac catheterization. I was very pleased with the way Dr. Caines communicated with me before, during and after procedures. I feel very confident about recommending Dr. Caines to everybody who is looking for a very professional and caring cardiologist. Thank you, Dr. Caines! Already I feel better!"
"have seen several doctors over the past 15 years, Dr.R has been the only one to successfully help me. Should have seen him first"
"Dr. Biggs put my mind at ease. We went to a few other orthopedic surgeons in Naples and Fort Myers and never felt comfortable until we met Dr. Biggs. He explained my problem, knee arthritis and explained the surgery. he also went on to explain the difference in surgical techniques, marketing materials and different implants. I went on to have my knee replaced four weeks later and eight weeks after that, back on the golf course. Thank you Dr. Biggs"
Our daughter was very sick during her first 12 months and Dr. Ancheta was wonderful in explaining her illness and having a warm bedside manner with our daughter.
He has been my neurologist for 5 years - very understanding and helpful.
"I was diagnosed with bladder cancer in November 2011, and referred to Dr. Wright for treatment.  He presented all my options, answered my questions, and gave me the information I needed to make my own decision.  I decided to have my bladder removed, and Dr. Wright performed my urostomy using robotic surgery.  Dr. Wright is an excellent surgeon and a compassionate patient advocate.  He is responsive to patient concerns and makes himself available via phone and email.  I firmly believe that Dr. Wrightâ€™s superior care was a major factor in my successful recovery.  I would highly recommend him."
I broke my tibia and collapsed my knee used dr Brandon as a second opinion after meeting with him I felt he was more apt in preforming the surgery I now have a rebuilt knee and  plates and screws in my lower leg it has been a year of rehabilitation and I am 100%  I loved his approach and bedside manner and he personally cares about all his patients I would recommend him a million times to anyone who has a tricky injury .
"Dr. Dunn is the best doctor most patients want to find. She takes the time to really listen to you and understand you. She does very well relating which always makes the visit stress free and more relaxing. \nI confide in her about everything, and I normally do not feel comfortable with any other medical staff/doctors prior to this. You are not just another patient. She truly cares and takes the time to get to know you to understand your overall lifestyle. She isnt pushy. She tries hard to find other solutions you are comfortable with. She never leaves you waintg for long  periods. I wouldnt go to any other doctor as long as she is still working!aside from all of the above, she knows her materials very well. you are in good hands with her."
"Dr. Cohen is intelligent, compassionate, and insightful.  He listens to me and doesn't jump to conclusions about my diagnosis, nor does he rush to pull out a prescription pad.  It's not just about a pill.  It's about paying attention and getting to know exactly who I am and what my needs are.  Dr. Cohen is a welcome change from the usual psychiatrist who talks to you for about ten minutes, prescribes a bunch of medicine, and sends you out the door."
Dr.Kim was gentle and kind dentist I met. He explained well the process of implant crown. I loved the beatiful crown. It was ausome experience.
"After years of problems with an ugly, 3-pound utterly unusable upper denture, Dr. Dooms made me one that I have worn with a big smile ever since. She is a no-nonsense professional, and after visiting her, you WILL floss! I consider her a blessing, and would recommend her highly to anyone and everyone!"
Dr. Sherri is very caring person. If I have any dental problems I go to her. I have known Dr Sherri for 2 years and happy with my treatments.
I had not seen a dentist for 15 years and have high anxiety when it comes to the dentist. Dr. Garro and his staff have helped me overcome my fears and give me valuable information about taking care of my mouth. I will be recommending all of my extended family and coworkers.
"I was referred to Dr. Scharf for some cosmetic work. I am not the easiest patient to work with and was leary of even having anything done. After a rather extensive consult and exam with Dr. Scharf, he provided me with several options to obtain the results I was looking for. Whitening, Implant Crowns, Veneers and even some structural repair work. His staff worked up a treatment plan so I was aware of all the work needed along with fees. The entire office was very professional, courteous, and even lended a little humor to relax me. I am finished with my work and am very pleased with the results. My new smile far exceeds my expectations and well worth the time and money I spent.\nI highly recommend Dr. Scharf for I found he has the experience, expertise and credentials needed to do this type of precise work.\nAgain thank you for my new look!"
"3 of my children are under the care of Dr. Cabal and his staff.  We left another well known area orthodontist after concerns of Medicaid fraud, and we started using Dr. Cabal!!  It has been a wonderful experience!  They also stay on time as far as our appt times are concerned, thus preventing my children from missing more school hours than necessary.  I recommend Dr. Cabal and his staff without reservation!"
"Dr. Castanes saved my life. She provided me with a heart cath which was more complicated than normal. Her professionalism and bedside manner are terrific. She spent 90 minutes with me on my first appointment with her after the procedure. We discussed diet, lifestyle, everything that I wanted to know.  Truly amazing."
"I have had several sports related injuries through the years and have needed an orthopedic physician on several occassions. Dr. Johnson is the best ever. He has repaired me, but he has also taken the time to explain the procedures to me so that I am comfortable with the procedure. His staff is great and I will not go anywhere else. Recently, he got me in quickly to repair a complete tear of my distal biceps tendon because of the necessity to repair my arm quickly. He has really helped me."
Dr. O'Neil is amazing. As soon as the first vist he took great care with my diabetes and my high Risk Pregnancy! He listens and always has the answer!
Dr Thomas is so awesome. he is calm and soothing. I feel that I truly connect with him at a personal and spiritual level. I hope he remains in the city for ever
Had cataract surgery on my left eye.  No pain or discomfort!! I can see in HD again. Thank you Dr. Koenig!!
"Karen is hands down the best doctor I have ever had.  I have been seeing her since 1997.  She was my OB through two pregnancies and I continue to see her for regular annual GYN exams.  She is highly skilled, patient, empathetic, and really cares about her patients.  She always take the time to answer all of my questions and I never feel rushed, even though I know she's dealing with a very busy OB practice with all of the unpredictability that goes with that specialty.  She practices collaboratively with an amazing group of other physicians and I have seen and liked them all.  Because they handle labors and deliveries on a rotation, Karen did not deliver my babies, but the two doctoros who did were also excellent.  I would recommend Karen to anyone looking for first rate OB care in Seattle."
"2yrs post op and my breast and new tummy still look and feel amazing. Professional staff, loving and friendly, i'd do it all over again . I was comfortable from the moment I was greeted by the receptionist to the day I had my last post op visit . Results are way better than what I expected . I've referred all of my friends .  Dr. Snider is the best."
I looked high and low for a plastic surgeon to perform my tummy tuck after my last pregnancy and am so happy I came across Dr. Studin. His staff was great and my surgery couldnÃ¢â‚¬â„¢t have gone better. I recovered exactly as Dr. Studin indicated I would and have very minimal scarring. He also recommended I use Scarguard post-op and that helped tons too.
DR.A. ALBERICO IS A FANTASTIC NEURO-SURG. AND I WAS IN SHOCK TO SEE THE HOSPITAL....NORTH RIDGE SHUT DOWN AND I\nDON'T KNOW WHERE HE RE-LOCATED OR ??? RETIRED AS THE HOSPITAL WAS @ 5757 N DIXIE....WHERE IS HE??...A GREAT SURGEON THAT DESERVES LOTS OF CREDIT!!!!  GOOD LUCK WHERE EVER YOU ARE-HOLY CROSS....
"Dr. Heller is wonderful, clear, concise, comprehensive, thorough, and very personable- everything one hopes for in a  doctor!! I'm discontinuing my old dermatologist- no comparison."
"I have been fortunate enough to know Dr. Barrett some 16 years, and if it wasn't for him I truly believe my quality of life would be suffering dearly.\nI have the utmost respect for him, and recommend him regularly, just as  frequently as last week as a matter of fact.\nYou will not regret choosing him for your orthopedic needs, I guarantee it. He is a credit to his field! Excellent doctor and great staff as well."
"For my age, I'm like a medical encyclopedia. Diabetes, high cholesterol, alcoholism, severe depression, etc. Dr. Zingheim goes to all kinds of trouble helping me deal with my problems. He's an old-fashioned gentleman with great manners. He's so professional that he explains everything to me in great clarity. I do feel fortunate enough to have him as my PCP. Wish him best luck!"
I met Dr. Sindhwani at the recommendation of my internist Dr. Shiv 10 years ago.  We have built a great partnership since and he is more than just a doctor to me and my family.  I had bad carotid blockages at that time.  He promised me that he would not let me get a stroke.  He has kept his word.  What more can I say
"He has been my ONLY cardiologist for 18 years and I am sorry that he is retiring 12/20/12.  My cardiac history is great, but he never lost concern for me. We worked out a good set of meds for me to take daily, along with annual tests, and I could not have done this without him. He has made my quality of life better and better.  This is a guy who deserves to retire and be happy!"
I have had Dr. Fredrickson for nearly 9 years and he has always been professional and courteous. I would recommend him and his practice to anyone I know.
"Dr. Swistel perfomed a quintuple bypass heart surgery on me. To date, I am recovering nicely. I now have a chance to live many more years thanks to Dr. Swistel. I can't thank him enough."
"Dr. Simone was thorough and competant. He truly listened to our concerns and family history, and spent extra time with us. He answered all our questions patiently. He did not just quickly prescribe meds, but took the extra time necessary to determine whether or not growth hormones would be the right treatment plan."
"I read the previous post and am very surprised.  My wife loves Dr. Bannister.  We are expecting our first child in 5 months.  Obviously we have had many questions.  Dr. Bannister has taken the time to answer every question we have had.  One visit she explained to us that she was rushing due to having to deliver a baby very shortly but she still answered our questions.  I can only assume that was the situation that caused problems with the previous commenter.  Dr. Bannister has been pleasant and even funny as she has treated my wife and future child.  \nWe ran into her at a local pizza restaurant and she inquired about my wife's morning sickness (She has had ongoing problems despite being into the 2nd trimester.).  While she was on her day off and eating with her family, she still took the time to talk to my wife and I and make sure the new medication was working.  \nWhile I won't be a patient of hers, on behalf of my wife and future daughter, this man certainly recommends Dr. Bannister"
Excellant surgeon with a great sense of humor & bedside manner! He just operated on me again.
"Dr. Jen Burns took the time to really understand my body and the terrible pain I was in. She offered solutions, procedures, medicines, exercises, nutrition and most of all her encouragement for my conditions.  I am walking today because of her and I thank her so much for giving me my life back. Thank you, Dr. Burns"
I just received Lasik last Friday and by Saturday morning I had 20/15 vision! What a life changing experience. Not having to wake up and hassle with contacts or glass is such a blessing. Thank you Dr. Moosa and staff for being so wonderful throughout the whole process!
"I met with 2 doctors for breast reduction surgery, and compared to the other at Edina Plastic Surgery, Dr. Harrington gave more of a ""used car salesman"" vibe.  She was an hour late and did not mention the time or apologize, tried to talk me into also having fat removed from under my arms for an additional $850 (if we're going to start discussing all the fat that could be removed from my body...) and then billed my insurance and me the $35 co-pay, even though her site says cosmetic consultations are free (apparently if insurance can be billed it's not free - the other physician did provide a free first visit).  I also needed to wait 3 months for the first appointment and then it would have been another 3 months before I could have the surgery.  Overall, medically she may have been just fine, but the inconvenience and overall feeling from her office felt like it was more of a business than I'd prefer."
"Dr. Abu-Khalaf has been my oncologist for 9 months. She has been caring, compassionate and professional the entire time I have been under her care. She explained all of the facets of my plan of treatment in great detail. No one likes being told they need to have chemotherapy, will lose their hair, or any of the other things that go along with the treatment. Dr. Abu-Khalaf was there for me every step of the way, and I didn't always make it easier for her. But to her credit, she stuck by me and got me through it.\n\nI would not trade her for anyone and I am so happy that she is my doctor. I trust her completely, and I trust her medical judgment. I am totally confident that she does what is in the best interest of my health and the health of her patients.\n\nDr. Abu-Khalaf takes the time to explain things, answer questions/concerns, and gives you information to make informed decisions. I would feel confident recommending her to my family and friends if they were ever in need of an oncologist. I trust Dr. Abu-Khalaf "
Dr Rogers took a great deal of time with my son and made him quite comfortable. His tonsilectomy was very successful and I would highly recommend this doctor.
"good listener, spent time with me!"
"My wife was scared to have her upper and lower eyelids surgery done until she met Dr. Lee. She felt immediately confident in his surgical experience and also his personality. Dr. Lee is such a kind man and was very patient with my wife. The outcome of the surgery couldn't be better. She looks 20 years younger and shs is beyond happy. We were both very nervous but realized we were in good hands. If you are thinking of having eyelids surgery, don't go to another doctor. Dr. Lee is the expert!"
"He is direct, to the point and knows what he's talking about. He communicates very clearly and has great suggestions.  He is one of my favorite doctors."
"My Ent Is the best Doctor I ever had. He dosn't just treat you like a number.He is very understaning I am a patient that had  every phobia in the world. I just had polyps and pain. He exam me and he wasn't sure if it was just allgeries or Tmj. He sent me to get a CT scan. then I can back. He explain to me it was polyps it had to be clean out. Dr. brown didn't know what he was in for. I hated all doc's and nurses. wow i had a rough time in surgery all do to me. He is very patient with me.then I had a second surgery I embarrassed him but that still didn.t matter to him. His only concern is getting me well. now it has been at least 2 years. I think . Dr. Brown is the best .I am over most of   my fears and I am making the most of my life, not sitting on the sidelines. I feel better and loss my weight. A little human kidness from him makes you well all over..Words can't express how I feel for Doc  and his wonderful staff.love you all."
"I saw Dr Kugler for the possibility of vision correction. I was not a candidate for lasik due to my extremely poor vision. Dr Kugler took a lot of time to discuss the pros and cons of each vision correction process and the risks they posed to me. We were able to proceed with an introcular lens implant. The staff for scheduling were wonderful. Even when there was a delay in timing of my procedure due to a structural issue at the surgical site, the staff communicated professionally and timely to rearrange the schedule to fit my needs. My vision is wonderful now and life without contacts is better than I could have imagined. Its amazing to awaken in the middle of the night and be able to see the clock.  I only wish I had done it sooner!\nDr Kugler was a great in the follow up as well, even called me at home the day after each eye was completed to ensure everything was going well. What are you waiting for!"
"I would list this doctor as a wonderful caring individual.  Dr Huynh was able to help me understand my conditions and has carefully helped me through the eye injections for my Macular Degen.  He has repaired a torn retina in my right eye. He is patient and kind, asking how I'm doing each step of the way. His staff is amazing and so caring.  I would recommend Dr. Huynh to any person that needs an  eye physician specializing in Maculare Degen and Retina problems."
This was my first visit to the office for a consultation. Very professional friendly office. Every thing was fully explained.
This doctor goes above and beyond. He treated me for a rotary cuff tear of my shoulder and I am back to sleeping through the night and golf.  Life is good!
"DR MOLL IS CARING AND PROFESSIONAL. BOTH MY HUSBAND AND I ARE HIS PATIENTS FOR MANY YEARS...WHEN ANOTHER SURGEON SAID ""SURGERY"" IS NEEDED, DR MOLL SAID LET'S WAIT  AND SEE.   SURGERY WAS NEVER NEEDED AND THAT WAS 10 YEARS AGO.  HE'S HIGHLY EXPERIENCED AND WILLING TO LISTEN SO YOU UNDERSTAND.."
Dr. O'Leary was not quick to order tests or prescribe pills like others I have seen.  He did a good exam and listened to my problems before treatment that took away my pain.
"Getting an appointment was very easy, and it only took 15 minutes to see the doctor once I got there.They take a laptop in the exam room that has all of your patient information so that they can go over everything with you. Rather than just tell me what my lab results are (which usually just sounds like babble) she was able to show me each individual test, what the numbers mean, and what she's going to do, or in some cases what I need to do to make those numbers better.\nThis is a very proactive office! I went in about blood pressure and heart palpitations and mentioned that I had been trying to conceive for quite awhile, and she sends me out right away to get blood drawn for numerous tests, even reproductive hormones. Five days later they call me and schedule a follow up for the next day. Thanks to their thoroughness I now know what steps I need to take for optimum wellness. She even prescribed me a blood pressure medicine that is safe for pregnancy, because she said I'm going to get pregnant, almost like a p"
"I broke my finger walking my dog, unfortunatly it needed surgery. I saw Dr. Tuckman who fixed it and I was back to work in a two days. Six weeks later I'm back to playing basketball."
"I was diagnosed in August of 2011 with Muscle invasive bladder cancer.  The surgeon that performed the cystoscopy allowed that he could perform the bladder removal and the neo-bladder construction, but was kind enough, and honest enough, to recommend Dr. Wright, and to arrange for my first visit.  \n\nWhile the care I received up to that point seemed adequate, the difference in moving to the University of Washington and Dr. Wrights care was simply amazing.  From the moment we meet with Dr. Wright and his staff, It was a whole new ballgame.  We prepared lists of questions, did our research, lined up everything we could find, and Dr Wright and his staff answered everything we could think of.  Every step of the way, Dr Wright was involved, available, and honest, every step of the way.  We got straight answers, even when they were not what we wanted to hear, and Dr Wright was willing to discuss and do research on several topics and courses of treatments we had hear or read about.  He went so far as to arrange to ha"
"I am suffering from an infection in my middle ear that is resisting conventional treatment and causing additional health problems. During one of my various medical visits to specialists I was checked by Dr. Conte who also found out that part of the problem was due to a herniated disc in my neck. Had it not been for his very complete review of my medical reports and his very complete and detailed medical exam, I/we would not have known about this additional medical problem.  By the way, I was late for my appointment and Dr. Conte still took care of me with diligence and care."
"Absolutely pleased with Dr. Romeo, very professional, very concerned for the well being of the patient. Highly recommend him. and follow up was fantastic. He phoned several times to check on the patient. He took the time to check and double check to make sure what was the best way to proceed with treatment, he was very understanding of the patients needs and concerns. Rare to find a doctor with those qualities in today's rushed it's all about the money world!"
"Dr. Miller is absolutely the most understanding Doctor I have ever visited. First, her exam beds are HEATED! I didn't even know those existed. Second, she really tries to treat the whole woman by addressing medications, diet, and exercise. I honestly just go to her for everything. I love Dr. Miller!"
"Carey Lasley is the Only Dentist I entrust with my gums, teeth and dental health.  I cannot give enough recommendations to my co-workers, friends and family to see him.  He is a thorough, expert with terrific sense of humor and awesome staff."
"Great Staff, Dentist was very gentle"
"The thing that impresses me the most about this office is... the friendliness of the office staff and the fact that Dr. Sherri is savvy on all new/modern techniques in dentistry. She provides different options, and I like that."
Dr. Parkhurst was recommended to me when I first moved to town 7 years ago. From day one I knew I had made the right choice. I did use another dentist in town and the difference between the two was vast. Dr. Parkhurst takes the time EVERY time to explain any issues that may be going on and is always very helpful in letting me know what needs to be corrected. He has brightened my teeth and made it enjoyable to smile and show em off!
Dr Scharf restored my front tooth. It was very important that my front teeth to look perfectly alike. He did it! I have referred so many people to him. He truly is the best! His staff is very knowledgeable and extremely friendly.
Dunn Orthodontics is the only place to get all your orthodontic care. They have a great staff that has not changed in the 3 years I have been going there. my appointments have been on time and there schedule is flexible. I am very happy with all the care that I have received and would recommend Dr. Courtney Dunn to everyone.
"I'm 20 years old, getting to the point where I can no longer qualify to go to my pediatrician anymore, but Dr. Clifford was my pediatrician since the day I was born. So I have known her well. She is very patient and kind. I never felt rushed when I saw her. She always made sure to answer any questions and make sure I understood everything. She's a great doctor in every way! Would recommend her to anyone!"
Dr. Jager has been my doctor for over 15 years.  He has always treated me with gentle kindness which is so important when dealing with conditions that can be embarrasing.  He is very knowledgeable and has taken great care of me.  I recommend him to all of my family and friends.  In fact my family travels from Michigan to be treated by him.
"he was my mothers  doctor,very professional and kind"
"Dr Treen is an excellent neonatalogist doctor. She was there to receive my triplets at birth and transfer them to the NICU. They were born at 27 weeks. \nWe stayed in the NICU 3 months - Dr Treen has been great. She is very knowledgeable, caring and straight. Thank you on behalf of all the little preemie babies."
My visit with Dr. Shimmyo was triggered by a terrible pain on my left eye and blurry vision. I am thankful that his office staff accommodated to give me an appointment on the same day.  With all the tests done and the doctor treated me with a healing hands and  medicines that worked very well in restoring my full vision and pain is gone. I am just thankful that Dr .Shimmyo took care of me very well.
"Dr. Margaret Audell has been my doctor for over a decade, she has consistently proven herself to be smart, knowledgeable, patient, caring and concerned about her patients; she returns phone calls for urgent questions, provides proactive advice, and is reassuring.  I highly recommend her as extremely competent, professional and a terrific OBGYN."
"Dr. Kyllo created an amazing result for me on another procedure four years ago, so I wouldn't have gone to anyone else for my face lift.  The results are much better than I could have hoped for - I look ten years younger, but not like I had a face lift.  I am 54 with fair, fragile skin, and was looking much older than I felt.  Now, my face matches my mood.  People that know are amazed at the ""natural"" result.  People that don't know say that I look so rested and happy!"
"I am so grateful for this man.  Thirty five years ago, I was mauled by a pit bull dog attack to the face.  I was a toddler visiting a family with that awful breed.  I was rushed to Howard memorial where my mother worked as a nurse but Dr. Edwards wasn't there, he was at a black tie event in new Orleans.   One call to dr. Edwards and he was in a police escort and at my side tending to the hole in my face.  Layer by layer he put me back together creating what he called a trapdoor to solve a tricky problem at the cartilage of my nose.  To look at me now, you would never know my face had been torn wide open from my eyebrow to my upper lip.  The scar is completely gone except for a two inch portion of my nose, which is flat and the same color as the rest of my skin.  You can only see it when I wrinkle my nose.  I am proportionate and attractive.  I even went into some modeling in college.  I am now married with four amazing kids.  I can not thank Dr. Edwards enough for giving me my face (and my life) back.  Those "
pituitary surgey.  2010.  Wonderful dr  spends as much time as you need. Her assistant ginger I called over and over and she was always their for me.  Dr Sternau is a gem and the best .  I interviewed a few drs for surgery and none could compare to her it was like family. THe hospital was like no other in the nuerosurgery unit and I was very afraid.   love her
"Great visit, fast, and very thorough. Their service is wonderful and very efficient. The staff is very friendly. I was glad that I was able to be accommodated to see the doctor so quickly."
"Dr. Barrett is amazing! My left hip was bone on bone, and I was unable to walk without crutches for three months before my hip-replacement surgery. Surgery was at 10, and at 5 p.m. I was up walking with a walker--practically in tears because I had no hip and leg pain for the first time in five months. The next day I walked on crutches and now, two weeks later, I walk with just one crutch. My physical therapist says I won't need it in a couple of weeks. One of the reasons for my speedy recovery is the anterior (front) incision made by Dr. Barrett. This type of incision doesn't cut into any muscle, so recovery is faster, easier, and less painful. Not many surgeons in the US use this technique because it's difficult to learn, but for the patient, it's worth it!\n\nIf you need hip-replacement surgery and you consider having anyone else do it, stop! Meet Dr. Barrett and his terrific staff (from his office staff to the entire staff at Valley Medical Center hospital), visit his website and don't miss the fascinating m"
Dr. Revethis always takes the time to listen and address my medical concerns. He sincerely cares about his patients and always seems to proceed in a competent and thorough manner.
"I was one of his first few patients in 1995.  Thanks to a bypass and two stents, I am doing great. Dr. S has taken great care of me.  I owe him my good health"
Simply an outstanding physician & cardiologist.  After almost 3/4 of a century I've seen more than my share of doctors and none would rate higher than Dr. Doces.
Dr. Barnett has helped me with the process of making healthy changes in my eating and movement choices. She has also helped me with menopause issues around feeling spacey and unfocused.
Extremely considerate and knowledgable.  He has been my doctor for 10 years.  He is readily available and returns calls within the same day or at once!
Dr. Kim is helpful and extremely smart. She never wastes my time or feeding me any useless information. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great pediatrician!
"Dr. Milad was the 5th doctor that I saw for fibroids.  He was by far the most compassionate, thoughtful and respectful doctor I have ever met.  He gave me several more options and took the time to educate me abouit each.  I ultimately had him do my surgery and am very happy."
"Dr. Soong is my kind of doctor.  He is what I call a ""no baloney"" person.  He is straightforward and honest and one of the friendliest doctors I've ever had the pleasure to meet.  He has a great sense of humor too!  Although Dr. Soong did not perform my surgery, he was someone spoke to several times leading up to and on surgery day."
The VA gave me excellent care.
"Before doing my Lasik (10 months ago) I was researching different doctors and met with 3 of them in person. I decided to go with Dr. Moosa since his practice was the most professional one. I noticed that they are better organized than other doctors and have the newest laser machines (I wanted to make sure accuracy is maximized). On the day of the surgery,Dr. Moosa sensed that I'm a bit stressed, so we had a small conversation and he ensured I was OK before he started to use the laser. About an hour later I opened my eyes and was able to see all kinds of small details - what an awesome feeling! I forgot how beautiful the world can be. My eyesight is now 20/20, for the first time since I was a kid."
Dr. Kao recommended a course of physical therapy before considering surgery. This course of action relieved much of my pain.  I therefore reasoned surgery was no longer needed. I feel this was a wise choice considering this surgical procedure  would have been irreversible. Seeking a second opinion from him was a wise decision.
"Annual check up , Dr. app, always took time to listen to me and took seriously any  health issues I had. Always made sure that I received excellent care. I would recommend Dr.App to everyone."
He managed to get my mother of dialysis
I have seen Dr. H for almost 3 years now. He has helped me tremedously. I saw him after being seen by a different gastro doctor who didn't give me or my family the attention we needed. Dr. H. listens to me and takes the time to help me understand my medical problem. He is always on time and always returns calls. He also comes to see me if I am in the hospital. His office staff are very friendly and courteous.  I have referred several neighbors and friends to Dr. Hutchinson and his practice partners.
I had eyelid surgery with Dr. Lee few months ago and had a very pleasant experience. He is a very skilled surgeon. The incision line is not noticeable and I have healed beautifully. My eyes look so refreshed and I'm so thrilled that I did it. The surgery was simple and his staff really went over everything with me and was very patient during my nervous days of panic. I also am receiving ongoing Botox injections by Dr. Lee and he is an amazing injector and very ethical. I had injections at other locations and they charged me a lot more and was unhappy with the results at times but with Dr. Lee I have never complained or been dissatisfied.
"I have wanted to write this review for almost 5 months.  Each time I began to compose something I couldn't put into words the type of person Dr. Michael Wolfe is.  Frankly, I find it almost insulting to use the title ""doctor"" or even ""surgeon"".  Not because he isn't an incredible one, but rather, because of the way he went above and beyond my expectation and experience of what a doctor (or surgeon) is.  \n\nThis past year I was diagnosed with a mouth tumor and, after losing my sister to cancer just 2 years ago, you can imagine how worried my family and I were.  Dr. Wolfe made me feel like my family and I were his ONLY patients.  He freed up time on his busy schedule and ALWAYS had time for me by phone, email or in person.  In fact, for my very first appointment with him, he agreed to fit me in by tacking me onto the end of a very full day for him (after hours).  Later, I came to find out that it was his birthday and he stayed late just to see me (knowing how worried my family and I were).  I only found out whil"
"Dr Jain is wonderful, caring, and has an excellent bedside manner.  He truly listened to our needs and questions.  He was sincere and compassionate.  He helped us get thru our infertility journey.  His calming personality was exactly what I needed.  I am now 10 weeks pregnant!  Thank you."
I am extremely happy with this physician and would like to keep this physician  for all my medical problems\nI hope he stays in Danville
"Dr. Huynh and the other staff at PacMed Canyon Park make a patient visit, and even an injection in the eye, an easy experience.  Dr. Huynh is warm and personable and willing to explain and discuss medical matters.  He appears to be very knowledgeable and up-to-date in his field.  The equipment is modern and use of it is minimally time-consuming.  The in-and-out time at the office is amazingly short; this organization clearly values patients' time.  A visit to this doctor at this office compares most favorably with similar experiences I have had in another city."
"I started with Dr. Gaposchkin after a negative experience with another internist. I had become extremely ill after being misdiagnosed and was in need of immediate, attentive care. Dr. G took me on as a new patient and quickly assessed my needs and addressed the problem. I have several chronic health issues which he helps me to successfully manage and he is always patient and understanding. I am happy to recommend him to family and friends."
I have went in for a procedure half a year ago. I am so thankful I chose de Fernandez
I have never encountered a more caring and compassionate doctor.  He has always been extremely professional and has always addressed my issues effectively.  I have several friends that see Dr. Martinez as well and they love him. I travel almost an hour just to see him as my primary care doctor.
I saw this doctor for neck and back pain.  He got to the cause of it before just prescribing pills or shots.  He explained everything and got me better.  My family and friends I sent have been equally enthusiastic about his excellent medical care and mannor.
"Absolutely the best psychiatrist!  He listens to me and allows me to fully participate in the direction of my treatment.  He has never insisted that I take any particular medication, even if he thinks it's the best option.  Always returns my calls on the same day and has gone out of his way to be available to me, as well as to a family member I referred to him.  I will never see another psychiatrist as I don't believe I would ever find another as compassionate and caring, nor ever achieve the level of trust I have for this man."
DR CORTES WHEN HE MEDICAL STUDENT COMFORTED ME WHEN IN SO MUCH PAIN IN PELVIC IN 1995 THAT A GOOD DR WHO LOVES PPL. HE NOW FUL DR HE STILL GOT A CARING HEART I LOVE CARE I FEEL HE CARES LOVES HIS PATIENTS WITH HIS WHOLE HEART I KNOWN HIM 17yrs I WAS TEENAGER WHEN I FIRST SAW HIM HE DON't BOTHER ME ON WAIT TIME CAUSE HE TAKIN HIS TIME WITH PATIENT TO MAKE SURE THEY GET RIGHT CARE THAT A DR I WANT!!!!
"Dr. Jonathan Wright MD\n  Dr Wright is a very intelligent , kind and caring physcian. He takes time with his patients and connects with them. We are blessed here in the Northwest to have a great urology clinic staffed with incredible physcians at UW Urology ."
"I would have rated her excellent except that this site would not allow it. I look for three things in a surgeon--competence, patience and being careful. Dr. Comizio has all three and explains everything to you in detail; as well as a thorough follow-up."
I have been a patient of Dr. Winn for the past 3-years and I have been very impressed with his knowledge and expertise in Orthopedics.  I highly recommend Dr. Winn to anyone who is seeking an experienced Orthopedic Surgeon.
She helped me with my depression. Very kind and excellent doctor.  I also have a seven year old son with ADHD and I wanted to try other options.Dr. Mir helped him with supplements and he is doing very well.\nI really love her and her staff.
I started going to Dr. Lecuyer 10 or so years ago.  He was highly recommended by a friend and it was a great recommendation.  He's a very personable DDS who makes sure to take time with patients.  I have worked with 3 of his hygenists and all of them were top notch.  Simple a great DDS office all around.
My co-worker recommended their office.  They saw me on time and didn't make me wait.  The hygienist was very gentle and thorough and the staff was very helpful figuring out my insurance.  All in all I was very pleased and will definitely keep going back. :)
The office is very professional. Great location and great ambience! Dr. Sherri Worth was very patient with me as I have a difficult time going to the dentist. She was very understanding and thoughtful. I recommend her to all of my friends!
Dr Plooster has been my dentist for several years and I have gotten the very best service here compared to other experiences I've had.  He is undoubtedly the most studied and knowledgeable of any dentist I've seen.  His staff is wonderful and he has a very nice up to date office.  Highly recommend.
I wanted to thank Dr. Scharf for being so kind and compassionate to my ailing mother who was house bound due to a stroke. He actually came out to our home to take care of her broken denture.  We were so grateful that he rose to the call and went up and beyond any of our expectations. Thank you again Dr. Scharf
Dr. Bergan was so helpful. She took  great care to minimize any possible discomfort and explained my options clearly and concisely. Every dentist should be this good.
"Dr. Duhon is simply an excellent physician. He took lots of time with my husband and I, and provided a thorough explination of exactly what was wrong. He was kind and very knowledgeable. I would recommend anyone with a back problem to go see him."
"We are so thankful we found a doctor who is professional, kind, intelligent and is so very careful when doing any procedure while in his office and explains every procedure. We don't have to wonder what he is doing or what comes next. We thank God for him."
"Dr. Parodi is an excellent doctor, he treated my husband like he was his only patient.  Everytime my husband went to the hospital due to his Pulmonary Fibrosis he spent quality time answering all the questions, he was always concerned about us understanding the progress of the disease.  Don't hesitate to use him as a doctor"
"Dr. Trammell has been our family doctor for more than 10 years now.  I trust him with my children (one is grown and one is nearly grown) and my own health care.  He is always busy, but he will take the time to answer any and all question you may have, and he has a no-nonsense but friendly bedside manner.  His offices are clean and comfortable, and his staff is very friendly and efficient. They recently added a new location in Ovilla, in addition to their DeSoto office.  \n\nAll in all, you will feel like he is both your doctor, and your friend."
All my eye problems were resolved. I was very pleased with my visit. I referred few of my colleagues to see him also.
Dr. Lickness has been my doctor for 25 years.  He is an encourager when things are not going well and always a great listener.  He has helped with three of my children being born.  Very gentle bedside manners.  He has a great staff.
I was referred to Dr Kyllo for an eyelid lift. My eyelids were hanging down heavily on my eye lashes and affecting my vision as well as making me look tired all the time. \nAs some one who lives a healthy lifestyle my eyes did not represent the vibrance I felt. There was minimal discomfort after surgery and I was back to work in less than a week. I have no scaring and the team at Dr Kyllo office followed up with several phone calls checking on my recovery. Now I look as vibrant as I feel.\nI was referred to Dr Kyllo by a friend whom I thought already looked great. After her facelift she looked even more awake and glowing. I have heard that people come from out of state to receive Dr. KylloÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s excellent services. He truly is a man of great integrity whom I would highly recommend to anyone.
I have gotten many treatments done her and i would gladly recommend Dr. Fisher to any of my friends. His Office Staff is great and pleasant. I got in and out in a timely manner. I couldn't be more thrilled with the treatments i did here. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Dr.Ferraro explained in great detail what my condition was and the way to correct it. Answered all my questions direct and honest. What I liked the most is that he was honest enough to tell me that this procedure was not a promise to fix all.
"They provide efficient and friendly service. I've never had to wait more than a few minutes, which is rare in today's world. Definitely enjoy coming here to see Dr. Heller and his polite staff."
"Dr. Barrett conducted bilateral full knee replacement for me in November 2011. Although I am only 9 days post op, the surgery went very well and I am very optimistic for a full recovery. \n\nI was very impressed with Dr. Barrett for the professional straight forward diagnosis and recommendation of surgery. I have a long history of knee osteo-arthritis so I was appreciative of the examination process and diagnosis.\n\nIn pre-op, Dr. Barrett was very reassuring and upbeat. Given that I was nervous as a cat, I really appreciated his concern and attitude. The days following surgery, he visited me in my room at least daily and sometimes twice a day. The staff at Valley Orthopaedics was simply fantastic including the nurses, nursing assitants, physical therapists, occupational therapists, cleaning staff etc. The morning after my surgery, I had my breakfast presented by a man in black pants, white shirt, black vest and a bow tie. It made me smile and gave me a lift. One could tell that most if not all the staff really e"
I greatly appreciated her get it done attitude. When I went in the emergency room for chest pain etc. When she got to my room in minutes and accessed my condition and had everyone hopping to get me down to get my stint. She can be stern and pushy especially about stopping smoking but is a very caring doctor and am glad she was on call when i had my heart attack!
jodee takes extra time with you and answers all questions.  if you need  a specialist she will make sure you see one.  She is the best.
"Dr. Berard has been my primary for three years.  He is excellent in every way.  He spends time with the patient and never seems hurried.  He is sympathetic.  He has been very knowledgeable of all the conditions that have come up, and is knowledgeable about drugs and effects.  His office is very accommodating of urgent visit needs.  Just top-notch in every way."
A friend of mine referred Dr. Gromko and her PA's a couple of years ago and I am so grateful. The entire staff is friendly and dedicated to making you feel cared for and listened to. I really appreciate the time each person takes with me and the number of questions asked and the follow through on whatever issues I might be dealing with.
"Dr. Porter's gentle demeanor, kind-heated sense of understanding & good taste in using situationally appropriate humor to lighten certain tense moments never wavers.  He is a tremendous clinician as well a a wonderful human being who obviously loves his work and is dedicated to helping others achieve their best outcome.  He is a rare gem in that he has the benefit of experience yet he still approaches each new client and each new issue of his existing clients in well thought out & novel ways.  Having known him since 1999, I cannot say anything but positive things about him."
"Dr. Rohrer removed a basal cell carcinoma from my face via Mohs surgery.  My incision was almost 1 1/2 inches on my cheek, next to my nose. It's only been 3 1/2 months since the procedure and it's almost completely un-noticable to me and other people don't see anything.  His bedside manner is amazing and he answered all questions I had.  I would highly recommend him. I even had another doctor recently comment on how amazing my face looks."
my kids love going to the doctor.  Dr. Gusic always says hello to them first and makes them feel special and at ease.  He takes more time than any pediatrician I have met and he answers all of our questions.  He even gives handouts and print outs of the growth charts so I can keep a record.
"He preformed lapband surgery on me in September, 2011.  I was 69 years old, had trouble breathing, walking, diabeties, high blood pressure.  I have lost 60+ lbs., no longer take medication for diabeties, immediatley was able to breathe better and start to walk.  I now see Dr. Soong every 4-7 weeks, and his support and skill are unmatchable."
"Dr. Chedid has been my doctor since the year 2000 and I will not see anyone else but him. Throughout my treatments, he has followed my progress and has done more than I've ever expected for my neck problems and also for my family that have had the need for his experience. For many years I suffered with neck problems and he was the only one that could and did take care of them. Even today after 3 different surgeries, I feel the best has been done. I'm able to have a very productive life since his surgeries to correct my problems. Thank you , Dr. Chedid!!"
"I wanted to do lasik for a long time, my contact lenses were killing me. I called the center and set up an appointment. Dr. Moosa is really nice and he went over the process with me before surgery. 1-2 hours after surgery I already saw better without glasses or contacts. It's been a week - I'm so excited, I feel like I got new eyes!!"
Dr. Lille performed a tummy tuck with liposuction of the flanks on me this summer. The result was fantastic.  I recommend him whole-heartedly!
"My daughter, Pearl, was born 16 weeks premature. The depth of fear I suffered was as deep as the abyss. I was life flighted over to Lucille Packards Childrens Hospital with a placental abruption. My expectations of Pearl even having a life were at times non existent.  JoDee Anderson came on as her neonatologist. I immediately resinated with her because she was different. She is a rare woman. JoDee can focus on a health issues but she contains a quality that exhibits her personal compassion to look you in the eye and listen to all the garble of a sleep deprived, insanely worried, mess of a mother could spew. I feverishly thumbed through the encyclopedia of premature baby books but when JoDee appeared, the bookmark went in. The book went down.  She is truly all you could ask for in a doctor. JoDee posesses the extreme intelligence that would intimadate many but her demeaner would never allow one to sink into a confusion. She explains complicated medical jargon and procedures with the gift of articulation, sympa"
The nurses there were so kind to me.  i was extremely nervous as i never had this done before but i was in so much pain i would have done anything.  Then Dr. Lavallee came in to do the injection along with xray.  He was fantastic!  I am hoping to not have to get this done again but if i do i would hope to have him do it again!  Thank you so much Dr. Chad Lavallee!!
"I went to the hospital of central CT for severe abdominal pain I had never felt before. The nurses were amazingly knowledgeable and kind. This is honestly the fastest visit i had ever had to the ER ever, Dr. Laird was into see me as i walked into the room from triage and greeted me with kindness and enthusiasm to make me feel at ease. I was given some nausea medication and medication for stomach cramping which made me feel better right away. I was informed that unnecessary CT scanning would hurt me more than help me and I am so grateful for all the great information Dr. Laird had given me. I was given contact information to a great GI doctor and sent home feeling much better already."
"Went to see Dr. Lee for my upper and lower eyelids. Was thrilled with results. If I knew it would be this simple and the results so good, I would have had it years ago! My wife says I look 20 yrs younger. Dr. Lee is such a great guy. He is someone I would like to spend time at dinner with. Such a great bed side manner, nothing like what you would expect for a cosmetic surgeon. He trained as an ophthalmologist first and then facial surgery and you can tell. I carry my before and after photos to show people what a great job he did. Thanks John!"
"She was very helpful explaining my diagnosis, very patient and clear. She answered my call very quickly and made sure to provide me with my specimen as I needed. I definitely would recommend this doctor."
"Dr. Krasnof is more like a friend than a Doctor, she listens to everything I say and is always very thorough in her explainations."
"This physician has helped me through some very rough times, I appreciate all he has done to help me.."
"About 2 months ago, I had the misfortune of noticing my eye sight was distorted in my left eye. I am fairly young, 54, and have never had medical issues. I went to my eye doctor immediately and he referred me to Dr Huynh, thank goodness, because he got me into surgery within a week, to repair a macular hole (basically a hole in my retina). Within days of my surgery I saw improvement. Needless to say I was a little freaked out but Dr Huynh listened to my concerns and gave me all the facts. Which is what I wanted. He put me at ease and I had no qualms about going into surgery. Now after less than 2 months my eye sight is back and I can go back to my life as usual. Hiking, biking, yoga and such. Thank you Dr Huynh for restoring my life and making me feel at ease through the whole process. If you are in need of an amazing and caring Doctor and clinic see Dr Huynh at Pacific Medical Centers. You will be in great hands."
"Dr. Fishman was kind, knowledgable, and a pleasure to have in a time of discomfort."
My first appointment with Dr. Vargas... for abdominal pain. I found him extremely knowledgeable and genuinely interested and engaged in my well being. He gave me his full attention with no indication at all that he had other patients to see or elsewhere to be. Was not a clear case to have an answer to my problem. He suggested a few paths to investigate and some labs to be performed.\nI would highly recommend him to my family and friends.
"he treated my neck 3 years ago. i have had no mproblem since. when my back started to be a problem, he ended up doing microsurgery after everything else didn't work and i only regret not getting the surgery sooner. i feel great! can't say enough good things about him!"
"Dr Palceski and his staff are wonderful! I had a spot on my face that was concerning me...and after he looked at it, and took a biopsy, it turned out to be a pre-cancerous spot that needed to be removed. Dr Palceski explained to me what it was and the best treatment options. I trusted him completely and knew that I was in good hands! I would highly recommend him... my entire family goes to him now:)"
"He gives you a list of things to be done before surgery, which is the last option.  In my case surgery is not needed at this time.  Again there is a list of things to be done first, before surgery is considered."
dr cortes does the best he tries to do what's in patients best interest and he won't do anything to hurt his patients if he feels gonna hurt them he won't do it. He very compassionate caring of his patients well being he happy when they feeling better and they happy. He wants to know his patients well he not about the money he treats no matter what he helps his patients no matter what.
"I was referred to Dr. Wright after a diagnosis of bladder cancer.  Dr. Wright is compassionate, empathetic, intuitive and patient.  He is quick to respond to email questions and extremely responsive to concerns.  Recovery from robotic surgery was much quicker and easier than I had anticipated.  I feel that Dr. Wright has been with me through every step of my recovery and on-going screenings."
"I recently had a cosmetic consultation with Dr. Connolly at his beautiful new Cinnaminson location.  I was concerned about some wrinkles around my mouth, now that I am over 50!  I was nervous about possibly having any type of injection in my face, but Dr. Connolly was extremely informative, and put me at ease as I agreed to the procedure.  It was painless and I love the results!  I highly recommend Dr. Connolly and his very professional staff!"
He diagnosed me with the macular.  He gave me shots in my eye (it didn't even hurt!).  Now my vision is better.  Thanks Dr. C.
"Dr. Mclaughlin has been my dentist for the last 20 years. His experience and amazing knowledge place him far ahead of other dentists.  His advice has always been on the money, and his work on my teeth is always right. Beyond that, his staff is always upbeat, professional, and helpful. They are really nice people. Tony and his staff go ""the extra mile"" to make sure that the patient has the best outcome and the least amount of inconvenience. I can attest to this from personal experience.  I am grateful to have been referred to him and without any hesitation I refer other patients to him."
"I'm terrified of the dentist and have had multiple bad experiences with offices that treat you as a number and suggest treatment that is not needed.  Dr. Ghetiya and his staff never made me feel like I was rushed and spent lots of time with me, but best of all I felt very comfortable and DID NOT FEEL ANY PAIN."
"I have had a great experience with Dr. Sherri. She made my treatment and office visits just wonderful. The staff is patient, kind and professional; making me feels like a valuable client. The service has been fantastic and appointments have been scheduled in an expedient and timely manner. What a wonderful group of professionals. Highly recommended!"
"After a number of months trying to work up the courage to face my worsening gum problems, I saw Dr. Linden's web site and read about him and his marvelous laser procedure for gum disease.  It was so interesting and informative, I decided to face my fear and make an appointment.  It turned out to be an excellent decision, and the procedure is marvelous, with no pain or trauma, not to mention an amazingly quick recovery - without question the best dental experience I have ever had.  Dr. Linden's experience and professionalism are top notch,  and his engaging personality combined with exceptional sensitivity put me at ease and gave me confidence that I was in extremely good hands, which I was and am.  I would recommend him heartily to anyone who is in need of a periodontist and wants the very best."
I lost a number of teeth that needed implants and crowns.  Dr. Scharf's crowns look so real that I feel like they are my original teeth.  He is very talented and committed to doing a great job.  #1 in my book.
I had a great experience with Dr. Bonebreak and his staff.  I was impressed by how well they listened and answered all of my questions.   The staff was really friendly and made sure I was comfortable during every procedure.  My teeth already look great!! The office is the nicest I've seen compared to any other dentist or orthodontist office I've been in.  Will definitely recommend Dr. Bonebreak to others looking for a talented and friendly orthodontist.
"In December I underwent an osteotomy and arthroplasty of my right thumb. Dr. DiBella took great care in explaining what was needed, why it was needed and what to expect for a post-op recovery course. He always had time to answer my questions thoroughly, and gave me options. After surgery, he again showed the same compassion and skill as before surgery. My recovery went very well, and after 3 months of his care, I have been released from his service. It was one of the most positive experiences I have ever had. Having been in the medical profession for many years, it was clear from the beginning that I had picked the right Hand Surgeon for my care. His office staff and Physical Therapy department are also top notch. When I had concerns after surgery, my call was returned promptly, and I was instructed properly in post op care. I hope that I don't have to have this kind of surgery again, but if I should, I would not hesitate a second to call and make an appointment with Dr. Dibella. The service and care was just"
"I have been seeing Dr. Johnson for over 5 years to treat rheumatoid arthritis. Dr. Johnson has always taken the time to discuss any question or concern I may have.  He is kind, caring and he listens with an attentive ear. He is truly empathetic to my pain and fears, something missing from a great many doctors today.\nDr. Johnson hears what I have to say and looks me in the eye while I am talking and while he is responding - I like that about him, I truly believe he is the most sincere doctor I know.\nI would highly recommend Dr. Johnson to anyone in need of a rheumatologist."
"The help and services I have received from Dr. Patel have been nothing short of outstanding. He is not only very knowledgeable, but gives me a sense that he actually cares about me.  This, I feel, is a very important trait in a psychiatrist as psychiatric patients often share some of the most intimate details of their brain's inter-workings. Furthermore he educates me about the medications he prescribes to me and encourages me to do further research on my own. As someone who is clearly not educated in the field of psychiatry, I still want to know what I am putting into my body. He successfully describes to me what the medication should do for me in layman's terms.The loan office worker he employs has always been very friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend Dr. Patel's services to anyone in Lubbock or the surrounding area."
"Over the last 6 yrs I have been seen by several doctors in an effort to relieve the pain I have endured as a result of a few car accidents. Although all but 2 of these incidents were not my fault, they not only wrecked my car(s),  but also did a number on my neck, shoulders and low back. I have tried chiropractic manipulation, reflexology and massage therapy, counseling sessions in the mental health clinic and nerve blocks, trigger point and steroid injections (not to mention RFA without the use of any\nof sedation) all given graciously by a sadistic practitioner who thought my pain tolerance was ""excellent"" and therefore, I would not require any post op medications for pain. After 3.5 years of ""assuming"" that this was the \nnorm, I was referred initially to Dr T's old practice where he was an employee in a pain management group. I was not assigned to Dr T until Dr Z resigned in May, 2008. I even had to threaten my insurance carrier when I was told I would not be able to see Dr T when he started his own practic"
Great doctor. Cured my problems.
She delivered my daughter almost 3yrs ago. My water broke early and I was bedridden at the hospital for 2weeks prior to having my daughter. She came frequently to check up on me and ensured all my needs and concerns were addressed. Now I am seeing her for a medical issue and she has taken the time to help me understand my condition and my options.
"I had a few procedures in the past by other doctors.  This is the first time I have been truly happy with the results.  Not only am I happy with the results, I was extremely happy with the communication with Dr. Kyllo and his kindness.  I was going through a difficult time and this helped me with my healing."
Dr. Fisher is soo great . I had a great experience with my surgery.  I am currently having laser and will be having another procedure shortly.  The staff is great.
"Excellent surgeon.  Provided fast and efficient care in a medical emergency for brain trauma.    Very direct in analysis of problem, but had good bedside manner as well.  Highly recommend.  Office  facility was not visited so the required rating above is only a guess based on other experiences , but staff seemed friendly on phone.  (Hospital situation only)"
Dr. Heller was very sweet! Jenna was also very personable. I'm very pleased with how well my appointment went.
"I'm at 56 super active ex athlete who used to walk 40 miles per week. After 10 years of escalating pain, 4 surgeries and highly impacted life style due to knee deterioration I was fortunate to find dr Barrett.   5 weeks ago he did a full replacement on my right knee with ligament release.   The results are outstanding.  I am out of pain with minimal discomfort from the continual healing but I am very optimistic for the end result.  Dr Barrett and his team are a very special group from expertise to bedside, to the use of technology to keep in touch.  They set big goals for me and supported to reach those goals.  Due to an allergy to meds my surgery and recovery was complicated.  Dr Barrett made sure no solution went unresearched and the entire team was invested to ensure my safety and comfort.  They treated me with the utmost respect and care.  The hospital experience was also outstanding and I can,t say enough about the nurses ,PT, and J and K who were fantastic.   I will be tackling the next knee in Nov and "
"He will return your calls the same day. Not full of himself like most doctors are, just down to earth."
"I have been Dr Angiolillo's patient for 5 years and she consistently responds quickly via email, stays on top of my visits to specialists, always talks to me in a caring and kind way in language that is clear and easy to understand. She is the best of a great group of doctors at this practice."
"Dr. Brumm has been there for my family since having our first pregnancy in 1995. She delivered both of our kids, treated numerous child ouches and more serious issues with my wife and myself.\nShe is apart of our family now, we would never move!\nHer facility is very professional and is always getting updated with new computers, etc. Our perscription is sent to the pharmicist almost as fast as she tells us about it!"
"She was really nice at first but then the day of my surgery I asked her a question about the post surgery care and she got snippy with me. It's been several months since surgery & I still feel tightness in my nose, not as bad as before, but I was told it would all be gone. It still feels weird too when I blow my nose, so I wonder if she screwed something up. I WILL NOT GO BACK TO HER THOUGH TO GET IT CHECKED OUT! She also told me that she wouldn't do anything with my nose as far as moving it or anything. However, when I have my glasses on, it is visible that something was moved because you can tell my nose is crooked."
"Having surgery is never something to look forward to, but Dr. Aberle made it as pleasant as possible.  I had no nausea and very little pain, and went home less than 2 hours after my procedure."
Dr. Naudin spent a lot of time with me and let me ask all of my questions.
The best doctor I have ever met. I left this office feeling very comfortable knowing that all of my concerns were addressed. Dr. Saad is very compassionate about his profession and his bedside manner is terrific. One of the best decisions in my life was letting this doctor perform my surgery!
"Dr. Soong and his staff are very knowledable, professional and courteous. They have went beyond my expectiations! After surgeryDr. Soong gives you his personal email address and tells you to email at anytime with questions or concerns. I have used it approx. 4 times in the last 15 months and he ALWAYS answers and addresses my concerns immediately! I absolutely LOVE this doctor and would recommend him to anyone interested in weight loss surgery! Thank you Dr. Soong for saving my life!"
"I had an aortic aneurysm with an aortic dissection and Dr. Deanda was my surgeon -- he was SUPERB. There was not a single complication, and he was kind and caring and checked in on me every step of the way. He is amazing. I hope to never have heart surgery again, but there is no one else that I will let operate on me. I highly recommend him if you're in the NY area and in need of a heart surgeon."
"My contacts were starting to cause me a lot of problems and I dislike glasses so I decided to move forward with lasik surgery. From start to finish I felt that my concerns were addressed and I was very happy with the staff, the procedure and the results. I am now seeing 20/20."
Amazing Dr and GREAT staff. I had breast augmentation May 1999 and I wanted to have them exchanged for preventive maintenance and I was referred to Dr Lille. I had my surgery May 11th and he did a fabulous job! Minimal pain and fast recovery. He was very delightful and made me feel completely comfortable. Much appreciated. I highly recommend Dr Lille!
"Dr Camitta is my primary care physician  he is prompt, through,  listens, is friendly and  very approachable.  I have never had a long wait time he always greets me with a smile and of course helps cure what is ailing me.  I would recommend him and in fact have to anyone."
"Dr. Chaves is the best endocrinologist around.  She won't rush you through an exam and checks every little detail in your file and lab results.  Another highly recommended endocrinologist rushed us through every visit, missing my husband's stage IV thyroid cancer when it had returned.  We found Dr. Chaves, and she stayed on top of the cancer.  Always checking and re-checking.  It is my belief that she has helped my husband not only stay alive, but be healthy and in remission."
Dr. Darby has excellent bedside manners with a non-judgmental attitude. She has very advanced clinical skills in all aspects of internal medicine and infectious disease. She is always happy to educate me and spends a good amount of time with me on all my visits. It's always a pleasure to see this doctor.
Excellent bedside manners\nVery thorough in patient care\nI want her to take care of all of my family if needed.
I had a great experience  with Dr. Omlin.  He really wants to make certain his patients are happy.  He answers questions.
He's an amazing doctor! Takes time to listen & diagnose my problems. He's very sweet & overall cares about his patients! I wish there were more doctors like him!
Dr Melendez has been my doctor for about 7 years and I am very happy with him.
"Dr Huynh has treated my retinopathy for almost 3 years. He is very kind, friendly and extremely proficient. I trust him completely. I wish that I had seen him sooner."
"one of the most experienced in the field , extremely nice and professional, wonderful office staff"
"Dr. Aya-Ay is wonderful. Even though I had done my research before walking through her office door, I was still nervous about getting a filler, a semi-permanent treatment. Dr. Aya-Ay studied my face explained which areas would give the most youthful effect and why. She was precise with the injections, taking her time being sure not to over fill any area. After covering all areas, she studied my face again and went back to touch up the appropriate areas. She welcomed input from her assistant, communicating with her during the procedure, utilizing that extra eye if you will. I felt so safe and at ease with her and I cannot bragg enough of how beautiful I look. lol It was so natural my coworkers didn't have a clue. They kept asking if I had done something different with my hair. : )  I have since had a second filler treatment and 3 Botox treatments. I wouldn't go anywhere else and I am actually bringing my sister halfway across the country to come see her for treatment."
"I had a severe problem with urinary leakage due to aging and childbirth. In my case, I had very large babies, one set of twins and the damage was done.\n\nI chose Dr. Theiss as she was female and it was such an embarrassing thing to discuss with anyone.  It was the best thing I have ever done.  I did  need to have a surgical repair, and will admit the surgery or really the post surgical healing was tough to get through but it turned out to be the best thing I every did.\n\nI highly recommend Dr. Theiss, any female with any type of urinary leakage should not suffer with this problem but seek out a physician for evaluation.  If you need a physician, I could not recommend anyone better than Dr. Theiss."
I first met Dr. Palceski when my son was injured at a lacrosse game and required stitches on his cheek. I was reluctant to go to the ER.Â  A friend of ours immediately referred us to Dr. Palceski who was happy to help. I was a very impressed by Dr. Palceskiâ€™s demeanor and bedside manner. He comforted Matthew and did a beautiful job in stitching him up. Itâ€™s only been a few months and the scar has faded to next to nothing! Just incredible!
"I found Dr. Pick here on Avvo after he answered a question I posted. It's turned out to be a very good choice, as I've really appreciated both his professionalism and willingness to listen. I feel comfortable asking him questions, knowing that he will answer MY question, rather than giving me generic answers. When in Dr. Pick's office, I have never felt rushed, or gotten the impression that he was already thinking about his next appointment. This may not seem like much, but it goes a long way with me. If anybody in the Seattle-area is needing a Urologist, I'd recommend calling PacMed and scheduling an appointment with Dr. Pick."
I went to Dr.Moorthi in severe r leg pain.An MRI showed I had 2 herniated disks. I was in so much pain I could hardly walk. Dr.Moorthi and his staff were very patient and kind.                          I was given an injection near my spine and within a couple of days I could walk almost pain free.It was an amazing improvement. And he was so good that I hardly even felt the injection.I would definately recommend anyone in pain to go to him.
"Dr. Jennifer B. (JB) Warton was a breath of fresh air.  Other pediatricians in town at other practices seemed to beat around the bush.  Dr. Warton gave it to us straight, and helped us as parents get our daughter to the next level.  She walked us through sleep training for our infant and potty training for our kindergardner.  She really helped us feel at ease, confirming our concerns while providing medical prospective.  I cannot say enough...Dr. Warton is a terrific partner throughout pediatric care."
"I just love Dr Cunningham and his staff. They are always friendly, kind and treat you like family. I especially like Ginger, she is the greatest!"
I saw Dr. Khan for about 4 years when I was 14-18 years old.  I developed Hemiplegic migraines and was referred to her by my pediatrician.  I was thoroughly pleased with Dr. Khan every visit for four years.  She took into consideration my concerns and desires and worked with me to create a treatment plan.
Dr Schwark demonstrates care and concern for her patients and is familiar with current procedures to enhance my oral health
I'm so glad I found Dr G and his office.  His staff was so pleasant and helpful.  Dr. Ghetiya was very professional and thorough.  I would reccommend this office to everyone.
Every one of Dr Sherri's California staff is wonderful. I feel welcome each time I visit the office. The wait times are minimal to none. The assistants are very knowledgeable and helpful. I will refer other pts to Dr Sherri.
"After finding out from my regular dentist that I had to have gum surgery, I was terrified. After seeing pictures of the procedure online, I knew I had to find an alternative solution. So I did some research and found Dr. Linden's website.\nA short time later I went in for a consultation and Dr. Linden told me I was a good candidate for LANAP. Feeling much more comfortable because of Dr. Linden's and Patti's genuinely caring manner, but still nervous about the situation, I made my appointment to have the procedure done.\nI can only tell you that there is nothing to worry about! No pain, no bad sounds or smells, nothing! And no pain after the procedure is over. The hardest part was remembering to stick with soft foods for a while afterwards. I remember walking out of Dr. Linden's office completely relieved.\nI would recommend Dr. Linden to anyone who is considering having periodontal work done. I have roughly a three hour drive to his office and back home again and it is worth every minute!"
"Dr. Scharf restored my confidence in dentistry after a terrible experience in another practice. He made me feel very comfortable, was easy to talk with and was very professional. He corrected work that was poorly done and brought back my smile and self esteem. I would highly recommend him when choosing a cosmetic dentist.  A lesson I learned from my previous experience... always check credentials, experience, and expertise when choosing a dentist to do your work.\nMy past experience was traumatic, expensive and painful. I am so glad I found Dr. Scharf.  Thank You Dr. Scharf"
"I recently moved to Hanover, was new to the area, and needed to get my retainers adjusted.  I made an appointment to see Dr. Bonebreak.  He adjusted them perfectly, and believe it or not, would not charge me for the visit.  Thank you so much Dr. Bonebreak!"
I have been seeing Dr. Danson over 30 years so that can tell you a lot!! \nWhen your sick or in pain he'll see you sometimes the same day or the next day.. He listens to you and helps you to understand your condition. He'll refer you to great specialists if he feels you need one. I would greatly recommend Dr. Danson. One feels very comfortable with him so you can talk to him about anything. I deeply saddened when I heard he was sick!!! He really cares!!! Excellent doctor!!!
"Dr. Jazrawi saved my life. He is confident, compassionate, concerned and reliable. I can not say enough good things about him. If you think something isn't right with your pancreas, go see Dr. Jazwari. The guy is amazing. Really amazing. He literally saved my life."
"Dr. Urquidi is the best doctor my family has had. He always makes sure that everything is okay, and if something seems wrong he will recommend you to the best doctors and he will make sure every little thing is perfect with you.  Best doctor out there!"
Would not recommend only because he has been deceased for about a decade.  Was the best eye doctor I ever had for the 20 years before that   Unless there is another Jess S. Hull.
"I will told my friends and family about Dr. Ojeda. The entire staff only had great things to say about working there, and it made me want to return all the more.  The staff was very helpful no matter how many times I called with a question or concern. They never made me feel uncomfortable for asking any question.   They always make sure to return my phone call as soon as possible. They've never left me waiting."
I knew I had inherited the droopy eyelids from my father's side of the family.  My grandmother suffered from having her eyelids fold over onto her eyelashes and it caused her to constantly tear.  She always was wiping her eyes to see.  I wanted enough skin removed to look natural but not have to deal with what my grandmother suffered through. I got the look I wanted.  As my girlfriends tell me now...I look well rested.  A great compliment!  I look the best for me.
"Dr. Musgrave was a young man when he repaired my cleft palate back in the 1950's.  I assume he must be in his late 80's or early 90's now.  Therefore, you would not be lucky enough to have him do surgery on you now.  However, I felt compelled to write this review, to express my heartfelt gratitude and thanks to him for performing incredible work on me.  My entire life, I have never met another person with a cleft palate whose post-surgery results compare to mine.  He was/is truely an artist.  I remember when I was a little girl, my mother and grandmother would rave about him.  How nice he was and what a wonderful doctor he was.  I have also found out that he trained many other surgeons and became quite renowned in his field.  This is a tribute to him on behalf of myself and so many others who were fortunate enough to have his care.   To his family . . . you have much to be proud of, he was the best in his field!"
Dr.Moossy did my brain surgury and implanted a pain pump for lower back pain.He is a great doctor I recommend him to anyone who is looking for a neurosurgon.His PA Cathy is very helpful with all my pain needs.
"The office is fast paced, but when you're with the doctor he devotes all of his attention to his patients. He treats all his patients very well and his staff does an excellent job of keeping the office running successfully."
"At age 55 I had my ovaries removed after my second bout with breast cancer. The lack of estrogen kept the cancer at bay but caused other problems. I became osteopetic and got osteoarthritis in my hip joints. I had my first hip replacement two years later by another doctor at another hospital. It was a terrible experience. I did everything I could to build up my bones and cartilage. I added weight training to my current aerobic and yoga classes. I took medication for the pain, but I didn't like the idea that it was effecting my whole body, since all I needed was another hip replacement. After a friend had a good experience with her knee replacement done by doctor Berrett, I got the courage to get my second hip replaced. What a surprise I had. The difference between the two surgeries was like night and day. With the first surgery, I could hardly get out of bed while I was in the hospital. With the second one, not only was the recovery so very much easier, I was actually walking with only one crutch on my third "
"Dr Birchfield treated me last year for Anal Cancer, administering two week long Chemo treatments and he made an overall miserable experience both understandable and personal.  I have been cancer free for 18 months now, and credit this to Dr Birchfield and his compassionate care."
"I trust Mike Bodley, M.D. w/ my life!  Blessed w/ ""private"" family physicians all my life & ""concierge"" physicians in D.C., Chicago, Detroit & across SoCal, I've never experienced such overwhelming quality of care.  Mike is unlike any other MD, I know.  Both he & his staff (nurse w/ him for two decades!!!) take the time to welcome you, know you & never, ever, make you feel queer for requiring special help.  It may sound corny, but Saint Peter has Dr. Bodley on a list of those that enter w/out question.  I owe my life to Mike Bodley; as both a doctor & true friend."
Excellent Physician. Conservative in treatment options. Excellent communications. Served our family  over 20 years. Won't change doctors. AAA
I have a very serious muscle disease and Dr. Kotha has been amazing. She is always friendly and upbeat. She cares deeply about me and helping me overcome my disease. She is not afraid to run tests and give me medication to help with my problem. I would recommend her to anyone.
"This doctor isn't your average pain doctor. He is knowledgeable in a few different areas, with his school, training and expertise your bound to be happy. He not only treated my pain but helped me feel all around better with his hormone replacement therapy."
"Dr. Truesdell has been our children's physician for years, she listens to the concerns you have and acts on them.  During our annual physicials she talks to my children and let's them respond instead of trying to get all the information from me and my husband. She does give recommendations regarding nutrition, safety, etc but never preaches or scolds parents for not following her recommendations.  In the eight or more years that we have patients of Dr. Truesdell, I have always walked out of the office feeling as if I was listened to and all my questions and concerns were answered."
Dr. Andre Saad is amazing! I've been to a ton of other doctors with no answers. Not here. I got the answers i needed! I would recommend anyone and everyone to him!!
"I have been a patient of Dr. Goldstein for over 10 years, and my husband is too. Dr. G did cataract surgery on both of us, and our vision is perfect! I had crystalens implants done, and now I do everything without glasses, including reading my murder mystery novels!"
"He is a really amazing person with excellent ""bedside manner"". He cares about how the patient feels and makes sure the patient is comfortable and understands the problem and the solution."
Dr. Moosa's demeanor help put me at ease for a procedure that I was extremely nervous about. Just the thought of someone doing any kind work on my eyes made me very squeamish. His staff answered all my questions and was very reassuring during the surgery. I would recommend him to any one looking to have a good experience with their lasik procedure.
"Nice staff, Caring doctor, Knowledgeable, answered all questions, great surgeon"
I went to Dr. Scharlach for radiation treatment. During a very difficult time Dr. Scharlach and his staff listened to my concerns and made a very hard situation a little more bearable
I had the pleasure of being evaluated by this gem of a doctor. She was interested in making sure I understood my condition before I left her office. The wait time was under 15 minutes. I truly felt like she carefully listened to my questions before giving very easy to understand answers. I have every confidence in her understanding of the cardiovascular system and the medications benefits along with their side effects.
I had a excellent outcome from my breast augmentation.
"Dr Liu helped me when my mother was hospitalized at UCLA with a lung infection. Dr. Liu is not only a wonderful human being, intelligent and kind but he has a rare combination of skills: practicing microbiologist, board certified infectious disease specialist and bacteria phage expert. I can not speak highly enough about how helpful Dr.Liu was for me, my mother and my family. He is a wonderful human being and one of the brightest people i have ever met."
Dr. Fahimi repaired a torn labrum in my right hip.  I am over 50 yeas old and he fixed it.  It took me 3 years to find him. I lived with pain for years and went through a telephone book of doctors. ...he is the only doctor in NJ that can perform this operation with his eyes closed.  I am good to go for another 20 years.  If I did not find him I am sure a hip replacement would have been sooner than later.  His bedside manner is excellent.  He spends as much time with you that you request or need.  He loves his job and he loves his patients. He never rushes you out of his office.
Care by doctor and entire staff was wonderful.  Every aspect of the process was handled with the utmost professionalism mixed with friendship and kindness.  \n\nI was very concerned about the recovery phase and my ability to return to work.   I was amazed that the recovery progressed EXACTLY as the doctor had described allowing me to return to work in only one week without a single indication of having had a procedure performed.\n\nThe level of outstanding service that I was provided was exceeded only by how happy I am with the results of my procedure.
I first saw Dr Melendez when I had an eye allergy and I've seen him about 3 times since.  I have recommended him to several people  all of whom have gone to him and really liked him also.
"Serious eye problems require the best possible relations between doctor and patient.  My confidence in every aspect of Dr. Huynh's care from a well run office staff, to quick accessibility, to latest technology, to easy friendly relations comforts and reassures me that a serious condition can be managed by a dedicated professional."
Dr. Saldana is a gem. He genuinely cares for his patients and takes the time to listen. He is also honest. He will not leave you guessing. \nI have seen this physician come into the office on his day off. On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate Dr. Fidencio Saldana a solid 12.
"I have recommended Dr. K to my primary care Doctor who is new to the area and needed a specialist to send patients who have OBGYN needs outside his scope.\nHe was patient and very informative sharing benefits and risks of each stage of the disease I have.  He even asked questions to open the door for other issues for MY comfort - He is sincere and the nurses in his office enjoy working with him; which says volumes!\nHis staff are polite and timely, and they schedule you to allow time for paperwork, so that all patients have the time needed for the visit."
"Dr. Torres, is a fantastic doctor,not only is he my primary he also is a specialist in kidneys and hypertension,in my opinion i could not have been blessed with a kinder and wonderful Doctor!"
Helped me with my tiredness and cholesterol to feel young again with supplements
Dr Keegan took the time to explain my diagnosis and expected treatment in a kind and compassionate manner. My surgery went flawlessly and I am healing well. He is an excellent doctor.
"Excellent doctor with the EXCELLENT listening skills. Listen, analyze, and come up with the diagnosis, which is quite rare in our area."
Dr. Warton puts children & parents at ease. Patient welfare is definitely her #1 priority. We couldn't ask for a better pediatrician.
"Funny,I had cancer right around the time of that disciplinary case noted (I have no idea what it was). I can only say that John C is my guy. Period.\n\nParticularly good with families and bedside manner. It's a pleasure to have him come into your hospital room.\n\nVery skillful. Years after my first case I was referred to a hotshot NYC surgeon who sent me right back to Cunningham, saying he would take care of me as well as I could get in NY, and without the insurance hassles of Upper East Side insurance opt-out medicine. And he did. He actually was very cheap, too -- cost about a quarter of what the NYC doc wanted to charge. Did my stomach resection for about the same amount I paid to have my poodle operated on for bloat.\n\nThe negative was that he changed my surgical plan to reflect a new test result without informing me. I happened to read my chart while being prepped, learning new information about what we were going to do. I didn't like getting my update that way, though he convinced me before surgery that he "
I wish there was a way to give Dr. Lipari more than 5/5 stars. His caring and compassion for his patients is first class. I was always made to feel welcome in his office by him and his staff and he always took the time to answer my many questions. I'm happy to say that because of Dr. Lipari my husband and I are now parents to a bouncing baby boy who we couldn't imagine life without. We owe Dr. Lipari a debt of gratitude and I don't think he'll ever really understand how special he will always be to us.
"I found Dr. Schwark to be professional yet caring; my examination was completed in a timely but thorough manner; despite having severaql sensitive areas, I had no discomfort and she took the time to explain key issues with helpful suggestions"
My family and I have been going to Dr Dukes for years!
"I've gone to Dr. Schinnerer for 25+ years.  He is the best in all categories.  I moved to Colorado 10 years ago and travel to CA at least twice a year just to stay with him.  I have tried 3 different dentists and CO and none offer even close to the level of caring, thoroughness, painlessness, and technology.  His personality is even reasonable, which is not the case with most dentists!  He's a 5-star all the way!"
"I had been advised by another periodontist to have gum flap surgery in some areas and implants in others.  Dr. Linden felt I was a good candidate for the LANAP surgery instead.   The procedure itself was completely painless and as the numbness wore off I braced myself for pain, and there was absolutely none. I have not had any bleeding when brushing any longer.  I have gone back for a few cleanings and will have my one year assessment at the end of August.  Dr. Linden and Patti were comforting and reassuring during the procedure."
"I was a once every five years dental patient until meeting Dr. Scharf. My experience at his office and with his staff has me going exactly every six months without trepidation. Better still, Dr. Scharf's expert replacement of a broken front tooth removed any apprehension I had about smiling in public. I have referred him to numerous family members and friends, and they are all patients of his to this day."
"I had full mouth extractions completed by Dr. Jainandan. All of my teeth were broken, and I was extremely nervous. Dr. J was gentle, and took his time to get me comfortable. He was professional and very knowledgeable. A very nice guy."
"A wonderful internist..a great human being and doctor. Been a patient for over 20 years...very knowledgeable and prepared to advise, refer and help in the best of all medical traditions.\nGives immediate priority to your needs....really grateful that he is my doctor."
"I have had other kidney doctors in the past, but Dr. Jabbar is by far the best."
Dr Patterson has treated me over the years for a gluten allergy-was the first one to detect it and has helped me monitor it over the years.
"Dr. Raj treated and supervised my husband for an uncommon infectioun to his heart, a report case as he called it. Him and Dr. Dowdy were the best thing that happened to our family when my husband went to the hospital with endocarditis."
He has been our family eye doctor for about 40 years.  Has always been very effective and professional.
My mom and I have had this Dr.. for over 10 years. She is awesome! with her thorough yearly exams she detected two different tumors in different years.  She always has good advice!
"I wanted to look how I feel. I'm an active 53 year old. I was getting a bit saggy in the face, neck and forehead. Dr. Kyllo was wonderful about explaining the procedures that would give me a refreshed natural look. His staff were kind and attentive. Dr. Kyllo did a face and forehead lift on me. My recovery was so easy! It's been a little over 1 year and you can't see any scars from the facelift and the forehead lift was done with tacks in the scalp, no skin peeled back, no incisions and the result is great! I'm happy to not have to look around for another doctor if I decide to do something else. I think Dr. Kyllo is a very gifted physician and would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone!!"
My family and I have been seeing this wonderful doctor for 30 years and I have witnessed him saving my mother's life twice!!
Thorough screening of MRI and X-rays upon examination.  Suggestions were made for lower spine with warm water therapy.  More options of therapy to improve some of the pain with follow-up in May 2012 when I return to to the Pittsburgh area.  Another evaluation will determine more options for the lower spine discomfort and immobility due to narrowing of the spinal cord in the lower end of the spine.  I trust his expertise and knowledge.  I did not mind the long wait since he took time to evaluate and explain my condition with the options to ask any questions before I left his office.  I was asked to schedule another appointment for May before I left the office.\n  I cannot wait to keep this appointment.
Excellent and nice people here. I feel like I was well taken care of here. Dr. Heller was very nice :) I also love the beautiful waiting room.
"I am  70 years old, I was very active in 3 sports at Garfield High School, and 2 sports at Central Wa College.  After college I played 3 years of semi pro football with the Seattle Ramblers.  When my playing days were over, I was a very active parent supporting my 3 boy;s in their athletic pursuits.  I retired from the Boeing Co on April 1, 2001.  During my work years, I always went for a 30 minute walk during my lunch period.  After retiring, I took a 2 mile walk 5 days a week, I also love to dance, and wash/wax my cars.  After several years of retirement, I started to experience severe pain in my hip especially after walking, dancing, bowling, wash/waxing my car.  My DRUG of choice was advil or telenol.  The pain became so severe that I discontinued many activities that required bending, stooping, squatting, etc.  That's when My primary care physician told me to make an appointment to see Dr. William Barrett at the Valley Medical Joint Center.  I made the appointment, which was the beginning of my NEW LIFE "
"Dr. Birchfield was recommended to me buy many of his peers to see regarding a genetic blood mutation I was diagnosed with. Along with being an expert in oncology he is also a renowned hematologist. During my first visits he actively listened to me and addressed all of me concerns/questions regarding the blood mutation.\n In the subsequent years I developed a deep vein thrombosis (DVT) following a surgical procedure. After multiple visits to other local hospitals which offered no treatment recommendation I went to see Dr. Birchfield. That same day he scheduled me to be admitted for surgery to remove the clot. During my stay at the hospital he came by everyday to address any questions and to inform me on my progress.  I really appreciated the fact that his visits did not seem rushed and he took the time to listen.  Dr. Brichfield's actions resulted in the removal of my clot and saved my life. Words cannot express how grateful I am for that.\nYes, I would strongly recommend Dr.Birchfield to anyone."
"I have been a patient of Dr. Miller's for 15 years. He has always taken the time to thoroughly examine, diagnose and understand my condition. He spends a lot of time with me at each visit an never seems to be in a rush to get to the next patient. His advice is constantly right on point. It is very rare that he doesn't take you on time. No overbooking appointments by Dr. Miller's office."
"I had a colonoscopy done by another doctor in 2009. Since he found a polyp (although benign) he recommended another one in three years.  Since I had moved away after three years,  this time I looked for a doctor in the area where I live now.  I did not see Dr. Buchi in his office, but chose him to do the colonoscopy based on what I read on online patient reviews about him. The only contact I had with his office staff was over the phone and that was a good experience. Right before the procedure I talked to Dr. Buchi  and he answered my questions and listened to my concerns very professionally and kindly. He seemed to have all the good qualities I had read about him.  I would recommend him to anyone. Next time I need to see a gastroenterologist I choose to see him again."
Dr.Ortiz has been my doctor for more the 5 years. I have to say that overall he has been the best doctor ive had in a while. He helps me understand everything i need to know about my health. I do not plan on EVER changing doctors.
"I love that the doctors at Las Vegas Pain Institute rotate locations and patients!!!! By the time I saw Dr. Baumgartl, I'd had injections that made me feel wonderful without taking pills, I'd had physical therapy that made me feel stronger, and I'd had the experience of having the most amazing doctors caring for me. \n\nThen Dr. Baumgartl rocked my world...since my pain was greatly improved, he was able to address my other health and wellness concerns. He talked to me about my hormones and my weight and I'm not only NOT in pain, but I'm living so much healthier. I've gone from being a pain patient to a client of avea wellness center. I look better and I feel better, I have so much more energy, and I tell everyone Dr. B is one of my favorite men!"
"I had a very good experience with Dr. Cernea. What drew me to her office is that she is boarded in preventive medicine, which means that she deals with family histories of high cholestoral, cancer, blood pressure etc. She is very well educated (Stamford Medical School), and many of my friends told me she had a very personal approach with each patient. So I tried it out. Dr. Cernea will give it to you straight, and will never dance around the subject. She is very to the point and will tell you exactly what you need to hear, and what you need to do. In addition, I was taken to her staff. They were one of the kindest, most caring staff I've ever dealt with. Her office is clean, and pretty well run. I recommend her to everyone."
"I first saw Dr. Perry a few years ago but left her practice to see someone closer to home.  I returned to her after having a horrible (potentially life threatening and bordering on malpractice) experience with another doctor associated with a different hospital.  Dr. Perry has been incredible.  Phone calls and returned the same day, and often Dr. Perry responds to the calls herself.  She clearly, thoroughly, and patiently explains everything and sincerely cares about the health of her patients.  She is an excellent physician."
"Dr. Goldstein has been helping to preserve my vision for several years now. I have problems with diabetic eye, and have had to have laser treatment. He did the laser on me right in the office, and my vision has stayed very good because of his work. He is also very caring, and took a lot of his time to explain everything to me and my husband. I was really scared, but he made me calm!"
Dr. El Rimawi has taken care of many of my family members. He is an outstanding doctor in every way!
"I was a difficult correction and got 20/15 vision. I am so happy. Good bye contacts that irritated me for so long. I see better than contacts, don't get infections all the time, and will save money in the long run. Dr. Moosa had some of the best prices and why not go to the guy that has done more than anybody else. He even met with me and answered all my questions."
She agreed to see me as an emergency on a Saturday!! Excellent physician who diagnosed my problem exactly.
"WOULD COME BACK AGAIN, HOPEFULLY DONT HAVE TOO, BUT WOULD NOT HESITATE TO HAVE DR. WATSON HELP ME."
"I hate going to the doctor especially for my annual, but Dr. Wolff is amazing. She is very quick with the actual exam but always has the time to explain everything and answer any questions I have. I mentioned at my last exam that I had been having some heart issues. she ordered some tests and got me set up with a cardiologist the very next day. Dr. Wolff is only in the office part-time but she always makes herself available."
"I am VERY pleased with this doctor, he is very patient and he has great knowledge when it comes to treating my family and I. I have sent many of our friends and family to his office in Melbourne, Fl."
"Dr. Carlson was able to help me get my diabetes under control when everyone else had failed. Her expertise, wonderful bedside manner, and true caring will keep me coming back to the Polyclinic for a long time. I have recommended her to all of my friends with diabetes."
"I have seen Dr. Berggren for several years.  Two years ago she removed an early melanoma from my leg and has provided excellent care, insight and knowledge to me over the course of my time as patient in her office.  She's smart and in tune with diagnosing and treating skin cancer."
"I met Dr. Parikh when my primary doctor called him into the examination room to look at an inflamed lump on my throat.  The mass had been there for a while but now it was growing and worrisome.  A recent flu-like illness caused the growth to inflame into a painful cyst that protruded like a goiter surrounding my Adamâ€™s apple and attached to the base of my tongue.  It was affecting my voice and throat, and it was making breathing and swallowing difficult.  The inflammation had become so bad that I knew I had to do something drastic with it.  Dr. Parikh examined me and his demeanor and genuineness gave me confidence.  Everything he explained made sense and related directly to what I was experiencing.  He explained the procedure and then ordered some tests to see what the cyst was attached to and to rule out anything else.  On the next follow up he did a needle biopsy in the office.  Most of the other lab tests were done the same day of the doctor visit.  The results were all completed within days and within a"
I just had two cataracts removed by Dr. Rizen and could not have had better care. I now have 20/15 vision and am really thrilled.  Dr. Rizen answers any concern and one can tell he really loves what he does.  I highly recommend him.
"I saw another retinal specialist for my macular degeneration and was told nothing could be done.  A friend who has been a patient of Dr Huynh's convinced me to make an appointment.  I would be blind now if I had not seen this fabulous doctor.  He is obviously brilliant and talented, stays current in his specialty, and communicates so well you just couldn't do better. He is also kind, helpful and available to his patients; he helped me find another specialist in LA when I needed one there and answers emails personally.  And as a great bonus, his office runs beautifully, from reception to the great assistants.  Thanks Dr H!!"
Dr Fanuale was extremely helpful. He very likely saved my finger after an accident.  He took personal time to make sure he was available to do the emergency surgery.  Thank you so much Dr Fanuele!!!!
"Dr. Kerpsack is abousltely fantistic. He never rushes through our appoitments, and takes his time explaining any questions we have, (no matter how outragous they are) I'd reccommend him to anyone."
She diagnosed a relapse in my child's condition when the experts at the hospital she had sent us to in St Louis said my child had recovered. She saved my child's life.  Our boys loved her! They enjoyed all their visits with her.
i have so much energy now and don't feel so tired anymore.  my drive is better than it has been in years and i do not have to take a nap every day.
"I have been Dr. Meisami's patient for 3 years now. She takes care of my husband and two kids. I look forward to seeing her and always feel so well taken care of. She really listens and always has a deep knowledge of all the issues I always bring up to her! I have referred friends, family and co-workers to her and they all love her. Also she is great with children and my kids have been with her since birth."
I had to get an MRI of my neck so I went to Medical Arts Radiology on a recommendation of a friend even though my doctor sent me somewhere else.  The office was beautiful and the staff was friendly.  What impressed me the most was the fact that I was able to speak to the Dr. when I had some questions about the test. He was very nice and answered my questions. I would definitely use the office again.
Dr. Jain is a great doctor and I am forever thankful to her for everything she has done for me.
"The doctor is very knowledgeable and has a warm and friendly bedside manner. The office is modern, staff is pleasant and friendly. I had only very short wait each visit. Highly recommend!"
"Not knowing any Drs. in the DC area, i booked with this office due to the distance from where i was staying.  Am i glad i did this.  I would now travel longer distances to be seen by this Dr.  Dr. Kessous was one of the best i have been seen by.  He was very attentive, concerned, listened to my problem.  He also took time to talk to my husband, which some Drs. don't do.  He also assisted me in helping me see a specialist which helped being new to the area.  I only wish more Doctors would be like him. Also the staff was very caring and helpful.  All around AAA++++\nThanks Dr. Kessous."
I have been to Dr. Schwark for both cleanings and fillings and I have always left satisfied. She was great at minimizing discomfort and listening to the concerns I had. I will continue to use Dr. Schwark as my dentist for years to come. Office environment is very friendly and I would recommend her to anyone.
Going to visit the dentist was not something I look forward until I find this office. Great customer care. I came from NY to Miami on a visit and was taken care of with the utmost attention. Really a pleasure to find this dentist.
She is the best dentist I've had and unfortunately I had many. She is the one to keep.
"I was treated by Dr. Linden for a mild case of periodonture disease. I did not want to have the routine procedure of treating my gum disease by cutting the gums and damaging healthy tissue. I wanted a more up to date treatment. I was evaluated by Dr. Linden and he indicated that I was a good candidate for the Laser Assisted New Attachment Procedure. In December 2010, I had the procedure done. It took a little over 2 hours and I had no bleeding or discomfort. I went back to work the next day as a speech pathologist and I was perfectly fine to do my job. In less than a week I was able to eat regular food textures. Since the treatment, I have seen much improvement in my gums. I am so grateful to Dr. Linden's skill. He is very well trained and very knowledgeable. I always feel comfortable when I have my appointments with him. I am continuing to go to Dr. Linden several times a year for cleaning my teeth. And I travel over 140 miles one way to his office. The drive is well worth it."
I'm fearful of having any dental work done but Dr.Scharf made me feel very comfortable.  He did a number of tooth colored fillings and they look and feel perfect.  I can't wait to get my teeth bleached next.  I highly recommend Dr. Scharf.
"I went to Dr. Ajlouni office in Southlake  (Davinci Dentistry) because I needed some dental work and my coworker referred me to him, I was nervous first because I didn't visit the dentist for over 2 years!!, I found him to be very kind and knowledgeable and his staff were very nice and helpful, my treatment plan was explained to me clearly and after few visits my treatment was completed, I'm very happy with the results and plan to go back again for my checkups and cleaning in the future, nice office with trustworthy Doctor and staff!"
Dr. Dutta [Duh Ta] performed arthroscopic surgery on my left shoulder. I had great results. Much less pain and increased range of motion.
"Calvin was professional, available, and ultimately successful cleaning out some very bad sinuses of mine that were causing chronic migranes and infections.  It took almost a full year post op before i really knew how successful, so do not enter this surgery lightly.  Anyway, I fully recommend Dr Knapp"
"Dr. Pace and all of his staff are wonderful folks to deal with.  Each of them is happy to take all the time needed to explain everything you want to know and more.  Initially, I was there to take care of a kidney stone but a tumor in my bladder was discovered.  I have been very pleased with the manner in which treatment has been administered.  His Nurse has been great in comforting me."
"Dr. Vasquez performed multiple surgeries on my husband during the time that he was going through dialysis treatments.  He was a wonderful doctor, before and after the procedures.  He also was the doctor on my fathers case as well several years later.  I would definitely recommend him as our preferred vascular surgeon in Dallas."
Dr. Prather and Staff are wonderful. My two little girls are patients of his. Very knowledgeable and up to date. I recommend him to everyone.
"He's absolutely wonderful! he listens and truly cares about my condition and ways to help/solve it. I have horrible pelvic pain and after visiting two other doctors that couldnt even remember me (let alone care about my condition) unless they had my chart infront of them, I found Dr. Rogers. He's patient, kind and very sympathetic. I never feel rushed with him and he always takes the time to make sure I completly understand everything we've gone over and that I agree with his assesment of the situation. He performed lapriscopic surgery (robot assisted) and the healing time was amazing! Having this surgery once before I can appreciate the difference. He is a highly skilled doctor and I would recommend him to even my closest family members. He has earned my complete trust and faith. Go see him! You won't be disappointed!\nChaundra A."
I had surgery done by Dr. Gutman. He clearly explained what needed to be done and why. He was caring and did a good job. Everything healed okay and you can barely notice the scars.
Dr. Bell was my doctor for the first 17 years of my life. He is a great doctor and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a doctor for their children.
Incredible bedside manner. Answered every question and concern above and beyond what any other doctor had done for me. He did not immediately push me into surgery like the 2 other surgeons I went to. He had my best interest at heart and I was able to put off surgery for another 2 years (until this past year).
Services were excellent. They're very nice and helpful and the doctor is great. He was very reassuring and confident that he would be able to help me.
"I resisted knee replacement for 20 years...suspicious of putting foreign objects inside my legs - even though I was hideously bow-legged, in pain daily and popping 2500 mIlligrams of ibuprofen daily. Finally agreed to visit Dr. Barrett who is THE quintessential, grand salami of the profession. His manner is peerless; his medical and life knowledge unparalleled; his orthopedic surgical skill off-the-charts (the maestro); his poise and personality front-page and his care and concern for his patients the full measure of his greatness. I emerged from the OR around noon on February 17, 2004...over seven years ago...minus those hideous bowed legs (I got my height back) and HAVE NOT HAD A WINCE OF PAIN SINCE. I can kick soccer balls, use my legs in my golf game (after 25 years of arms only), jump like a kangaroo and look good once more in pants that actually hang straight. After voluminous  THANK YOUs for giving me my life back...I issued an imperative to Dr. Barrett: LIVE FOREVER + 47 DAYS!!!!"
I look forward to my office visits with Dr. Birchfield.  He is always very attentive and I feel well informed about my condition and our approach to my treatment.
"had it not been the 3 hr drive i would still keep this doctor.  unfortunately i am still forced to look for health professionals closer but I havent found the same level of care and personalization of my care, im not felt like a number or lost inbetween depts - his staff take care of you."
"I had an appointment on June 18,2012 to have Dr. Dick evaluate my medical condition. I took all of my previous records for him to review and to then reach a decision. He took a long time discussing my problem with my husband and myself. We left his office feeling very confident that we are on the correct path to improve my condition. I am totally pleased with all aspects of my visit. Thank you everyone"
My wife and I both see dr. marks for pulmonary desease and lung cancer. She is absolutely outstanding!!! She diagnosed my wife's lung cancer when two other pulmonary dr's in New Bern did not. They do not get any better than her. We both have a great deal of respect for her.
"My husband was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2007. We heard about Dr. Krongrad from friends and sent him an email. Surprisingly, he answered back within 30 minutes and detailed conversation ensued over the next couple of months. In the meantime we met with several urologists in our area, only to be very dissapointed. We decided to have surgery with Dr. K. The office was amazing and helped us with all the details, including lodging and transportation. We flew to FL a couple days before surgery and met Dr. Krongrad for the first time in person.  The staff and Dr. K were as caring and considerate in person as they had been over the phone & emails for weeks. Surgery was on Tuesday morning - Dr. K was prompt, explained everything to us again, and assured us all would be okay. The surgery went well, shorter than we expected, and my husband only stayed overnight. He received excellent care at Aventura Hospital and was released the next day. We saw Dr. Krongrad a couple of days later for lab results, which were v"
"I have been going to Dr. Buchi for several years.  She did a c-section on me when she delivered our son, and I healed immediately.  She takes her time and is a great listener.  I would wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone who asked, and I have referred several of my friends to her."
"Dr. Waldorf is a talented plastic surgeon.  Her work is natural, and her patients reflect a gentle reversal of the hands of time.  She'll honestly tell you what she thinks would be beneficial to your appearance.  I will go back to her and highly recommend her expertise."
"Dr. Goldstein performed my LASIK several years ago, and he is the only doctor that I would trust. One of the things I liked was that he saw me for every visit, did the surgery himself, and didn't send in assistants or optometrists to see me. He even examined me on my first visit, which was free to find out if I was a candidate for surgery."
"I was a patient of Dr Etimad's when I lived in San Rafael, and she took the best care of me I've ever had. No one has compared since. If I lived in that area, I would go back to her in a heartbeat. She's compassionate and involved, observant, sensitive, professional and excellently educated - in short, everything you need a physician to be. Even yrs later when I needed information about a past treatment, she was available to answer questions and expressed concern with a good memory for things we dealt with LONG ago. I'm so happy to see that she is still practicing, and helping people."
"Had surgery with Dr. Moosa one week ago and am seeing great without my irritating contacts. Many of my friends have referred him to me. None of them had any complaints and neither do I. There operation is smooth and efficient. The staff are all friendly. Dr. Moosa actually met with me and answered the few questions that I had. I would strongly recommend them to anyone. By the way, the surgery does not hurt and the vision improvement is rapid."
"Dr. Batenhorst has been my family doctor for six years.  Fortunately I have only had to visit about once a year, but each time, he compassionately and accurately diagnosed the concern, gave a good explanation of the causes and possible scenarios, and responded with great advice or the proper medications.  \n\nI am proud to refer friends to Dr. Batenhorst.  Twice I have had a need to be seen right away, and when Dr. B. was unavailable, I received the same excellent care from others at Flagler Family Medicine"
DR WATSON TOOK THE TIME TO LISTEN TO MY CONCERNS AND TOOK THEM INTO CONSIDERATION WHEN MAKING THE DECISION FOR MY CARE.
"I had taken my son to another allergist for a chronic cough.  Dr. DeMarco treated my son and his cough went away.  He is great with kids.  He spent a lot of time with us, didn't feel rushed, explained everything to me so that I could understand.  Very good doctor.  I would highly recommend him."
"I recommended 100% Dr. Fahed-Inigo.In 2008 I began treatment for my chronic asthma with him,after visit others pulmonologies for many years.He talked with me about my illness and recommended new treatments  availables in USA. I followed his recomendations and I feel to much better and  I didn't visit the ER with the same frecuency like in Puerto Rico.If I come back to Pueto Rico ,I'm sure that I continue my treatments with him.Excellent pulmonology,professional and humanbeing."
"This was my first visit to Dr Chan, who I decided to see after a friend referred me to her. She is a caring physician that really took the time to understand my issues and discuss my treatment options."
"Dr. Crandell made me feel very comfortable during the procedure to remove a basal cell cancer from my upper chest area and our conversation was most enjoyable. Afterward, my surgery site healed beautifully and less than 2 months later, I find myself really having to look hard to see where she made the incision. My sister who had the same type of surgery (though in a different part of her body) a year earlier in NYC, but came away with a huge and \nunsightly scar was amazed and has asked me to refer her which I gladly did."
"I have a son with Locked In Syndrome (LIS).  This is an extremely difficult condition to ascertain since it could be a coma state, a vegetative state, Locked In Syndrome or something else.  Many doctors examined our son and concluded vegetative state.  No doctor tried as hard as Dr. Krob to make an accurate determination.  He went above and beyond to make sure he tried everything.  He even came into the hospital on a Sunday, on his own birthday, to try some extra treatment ideas he had to assist our son.  He then returned home to his birthday party.  This doctor is exceptional with his effort to help and an extraordinarily gifted physician.  We saw several doctors before Dr. Krob and none would go the extra distance to make a thorough and complete diagnosis, except Dr. Krob.   Our family could not recommend this physician more highly.  Our experience tells us you will be very thankful for this Neurologist's care.  Best of luck to you with whatever medical situation you are concerned about. Most sincerely, Dal"
"I first went in to see Dr. Rizen several months ago to inquire about Lasik and PRK.  After some tests he informed me that because of thin corneas and a relatively strong correction I was a better candidate for PRK, and he walked me through the procedure and what I could expect.  After a few weeks out of my contacts (and in glasses) I went in for a more thorough examination and final measurements.  Just a few days later Dr. Rizen performed PRK on both eyes at a laser center in Bellevue.  Since the procedure I've been in for several appointments to check on the healing process and see where my vision is at.\n\nThroughout the entire process Dr. Rizen was extremely courteous, informative, and professional.  He answered all of my questions and made me feel extremely comfortable in terms of what to expect throughout the procedure.  The day of the operation went quickly and smoothly and he described everything that was coming in detail so that there were no surprises.  The most painful part of the recovery was day 2 &"
"I've been a patient of Doctor Huynh for nearly a year now through some very trying times. I'm only in my 40's, though I had double cataract surgery performed by another doctor six months ago and Dr. Huynh has managed all the pre and post-op care. \n\nFollowing the cataract surgery I started to have retina tears, along with some other issues and Dr. Huynh was there for me through each event day or late night. I'd only called his emergency number once and he was on the line within minutes quite late on a Sunday evening. The following morning he got me into his office first thing and repaired my retina shortly thereafter. In addition, he personally called to check on my status following surgery on several occasions...that's something I've rarely if ever experienced, and as a former athlete I've had a number of sports related injuries and subsequent surgeries wherein physicians didn't even check on me during my hospital stays. \n\nHe makes himself available to his patients and I never feel rushed. He answers all my q"
Dr. Philip Friedlander helped guide me through the maze of medical tests and melanoma treatments since my initial diagnosis.  Together we found a way to reverse my advancing melanoma to reach no evidence of disease.
Dr. Asthana is an excellent Pathologist. He produces results quickly and accurately.
"Dr. Musinski and his staff are excellent!  They are thoughtful, caring, timely and treated me with the utmost respect.  I was involved every step of the way.  I always felt as if I was his one and only patient.  I am a nervous patient especially when it comes to needles and the staff at Scripps took special care when it came to my fears.  My entire experience could not have been any better and he gave me my life back.  I highly recommend Dr. Musinski."
"Dr. Yanni is the nicest doctor that has ever treated me.  He helped me tremendously and referred me to an orthopedist when he knew it was necessary.  He is very patient and will spend as much time with me as I need.  No questions go unanswered.  It's refreshing to have a doctor that not only helps you, but is wonderfully nice while doing so.  I have and will continue to recommend Dr. Yanni to friends."
"Dr. Trigg cared for my son and did an excellent job!  The office visit and subsequent surgery were scheduled in a very timely manner.  Dr. Trigg was caring and provided a detailed explanation of my son's condition.  He also explained thoroughly our options regarding treatment, as well as what to expect with surgery.  I would highly recommend Dr. Trigg and his staff for exceptional care of your child!!"
Dr. Mackool is the best.  The office is very thorough and efficient.  I had lots of questions and he answered them all for me.  I also had more questions that night and he called me himself the next day to go over all of them.
"I would highly recommend Dr. Prather. I had a total hip replacement and he has be just wonderful in explaining the prochedure and why it was necessary. Major surgery is never easy, but he made me feel at ease throughout the whole process. Best of all, my pain is gone and I am on my way to a full recovery. If anyone in central Indiana is needing to have this type of surgery done, a visit to Dr. Prather would be highly advised!"
"Dr. Dumont coiled a giant cerebral aneurysm for me. He was kind, caring and very thorough. He went out of his way to accommodate my schedule. He saw me several times in the hospital before and after the surgery to check in and answer questions. The surgery was the least invasive option and recovery was very fast 2-3 days. He is a brilliant surgeon and a great person. I do not htink one could have a better doctor."
Excellent bedside manner! Makes sure I'm comfortable and that I understand my treatment. I would def. recommend Dr. Theivagt! Office personnel are great as well!!:)
Dr. Sako has been my family dentist for as long as I can remember.  He is friendly and upfront.  The office staff is organized and knowledgeable.  I leave with a clean and healthy mouth every visit.
"After spending many years havent seen a dentist I was very nervous. I came in for a cleaning and teeth whitening today. The staff here is extremely nice. The young lady who cleaned my teeth was very gentle and knowlegeable. She gave me great tips on how to maintain my teeth. Also, the guy who did my teeth whitening was really nice, he made me real comfortable. Dr. Edderai and his staff are very professional, they care about their patients as a whole. I enjoyed my appointment and will come back as a regular patient. All fear is gone!"
i saw dr zweig for a cosmetic issue on my front teeth.  he was super attentive and addressed the issue in time for my daughters wedding.  i couldnt have been happier with him or his staff.
"I was terrified before my LANAP surgery, but Dr. Linden answered all of my questions  and made sure that I was not in pain. It was such a quick and easy procedure, such a relief! My recovery was so fast, that I actually forgot that I had it done.  If you need gum surgery for periodontal disease, I highly recommend LANAP and there is no one better to perform it than Dr. Linden!"
I went to see Dr. Scharf because I was having a lot of pain with my bite. I needed to be seen ASAP! His staff fit me into their busy day with ease and never made me feel out of place. Dr. Scharf discovered the problem and corrected it immediately. I would highly recommend his services and his office. I loved his staff!
I had a great experience with Dr Bender and his staff. I am already feeling better after 1 month of therapy.
"Dr. Cochran was my pediatrician from 1956 on to adulthood. A better\nDoctor cannot be found.\nFond Regards, Richard Ransom Beman"
Diagnosed a carotid artery problem that required surgery. Surgery and yearly check-ups have proven successful.
Dr. Phillips and his staff are very friendly. He is very patient and informative. He takes his time and does not rush through a visit. I hate going doctors but Dr. Phillips makes my appointments fun to go to. He's actually the first doctor that I have gone to that's been helpful. This is my first baby and I wish he could be my daughters doctor. I never have to wait long. My appointments usually last all of 20 minutes from the time I check in until I leave. The office is always clean and smells good.
"My dad saw this doctor when he was battling cancer. He unfortunately lost that battle, but Dr. Varas was the best part of his care. She truly listened, and spoke to us on a human level. His pain and nausea were well controlled. And she translated for us what the other doctors were saying but not explaining."
"I have been a patient of Dr, Keith's for many years and have found him to be one of the best and most caring doctors around.  He is concerned, not just for my asthma and allergy probs, but also for any other issues that I may have.  He is warm, easy to talk to, witty and charming - it doesn't hurt that he's  easy on the eyes!"
"I had a DaVinci hysterectomy in late March and was able to return to work part time after 14 days. The most challenging thing about having this procedure is remembering you just had major surgery and to take it easy. I had more pain and discomfort, not to mention complications, when I had my wisdom teeth removed than I did with this procedure. If you are faced with having to get a hysterectomy, this is definitely the procedure to go with, and Dr. Rogers is definitely the doctor you want on your medical team."
He was very thorough and helpful when my youngest daughter had her appendix out last year.  Everything went well post-op with no complications and good directions abour her care.
1986  I was his patient at Fairfield and 2008 again when I did breast reduction. He is the best. I live in America now and will wait until I return to Jamaica to see him for another procedure. His nurse is great and all the staff at the clinic. Keep up your wonderful work.
"Reserved, conservative, but a superb and brilliant Dr, with a premier staff. He succeeded in the first step to saving my life. Some day I will get him tickets to a Phillies World Series Game as a thank you."
They are very professional and polite. It is always a pleasure to come here
"This Ankle Specialist is world's above anyone in the Tri-State Metropolitan area. From being treated for the most complex problem(s) to a minor issue, you will be in the care of a most astute, extremely intelligent and caring professional. I only wish I started treatment with him sooner. Definitely a World-Class Physician. It really would be good if all other Medical Practitioners emulated Dr. Steven Sheskier! I sincerely thank you Dr. Sheskier for being my most trusted Medical Professional."
"George treated my stage four cancer successfully and encouraged me in the fight for my life.   Very knowledgeable, and yet halfway through treatment was willing to ask me to get a second opinion, just to be sure that the treatment was properly targeted.  He was always aware of side effects and has the sensitivity to know when to change chemo to lessen side effects.  He has continued to monitor my condition in case of relapse or complications and was able to detect anemia long before it was diagnosable by my primary physician.  He is a caring human being and the return check-ins are thorough and enjoyable.  The nurses at the center are also excellent, caring and professional.  It was a team effort that allowed me to come through the intense chemotherapy and regain my life."
I have been under Dr. Coulston's care going on four years and within that time this physician has proven to be not only consciencious but also empathetic and kind.  He is also a very passionate individual who will stand up to the insurance industry when it comes to obtaining fair and reasonable care for his patients!  I love this man!
Dr. Buehrens has been our family doctor for two decades.  He is brilliant.  He stays on top of the latest information regarding medicine and has a real practical approach to health care.  I would recommend him to anyone.
"Doctor Bent is not only a wonderful and competent professional,  he is also a wonderful human being that will listen to your concerns, and provide you with clear answers. You won't feel rushed in his office."
"When I first went to see Dr. Diaz in 2006 my health was in decline, my symptoms specific, but could fit many illnesses.  After a year under his care he sent me to a specialist at USC.  After numerous tests, spinal tap, etc. I was diagnosed with CIDP. I have been under the care and monitoring of Dr. Diaz since that time.  My disease is rare and difficult; having Dr. Diaz as my neurologist has been the only 'positive' in this very difficult journey.  His desire is to continue to challenge himself to be the very best doctor for his patients.  He gives me reference material to read that is applicable for my condition, he treats my condition, he listens to my fears.  I am so thankful that I found him as a doctor!!!"
Dr. Eusebio has been my kids doctor since they were little. At 12 and 17 they won't see anyone else.
"Treated me for fibroids with embolization.  Made me feel at ease.  Spent the time to answer my questions, showed a real concern for my wellbeing.  Did follow up by phone to save me a long trip to Redding"
A good doctor who listens
Just had lasik one week ago. I saw 20/15 the day after but it is still getting better. It pays to have someone really experienced like Dr. Moosa. His staff is great and has good customer service. It is so efficient. I would recommend this to all friends and family members.
"Dr Fairchild listened to my symptoms and asked me questions other doctors had not, and ordered the right test that found my thyroid problem. I had seen two other doctors before who failed to diagnose me."
HE LISTENS TO ALL YOUR PROBLEMS AND ADDRESSES ALL THE ISSUES.  HE GIVES REALISTIC EXPECTATIONS AND HE DIDN'T TAKE CHANCES.  HE INFORMED ME OF ALL THE PROS AND CONS RELATED TO EACH PROCEDURE.
" Dr Mehta completed deep endodontic procedures on 2 of my teeth and the process went so professional & smooth.  Dr Mehta and staff showed concern, responded to questions about insurance costs and were explicitly clear on patient self-care and coordination with my dentist following.  I could not of asked for more quality in my personal treatment & professional endodontic care.  Thanks-M Wilson RN"
" He is a wonderful physician, kind, caring, brilliant, dedicated.  Patients in the waiting room uniformly rave about him.  His colleagues and staff are also excellent.  Anyone who has a family member with a problem or a problem themself will be well served by his brightness and compassion.  I and my family are lucky to know him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" Clear, to the point, provided a link to further info.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Dr. Bagley is a caring knowledgeable physician. His advice has enabled me to avoid major health issues for the past 35 years. 5 star MD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Easy going.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 hi DR robert k. kilian ....... i greet u as well as u done ..and i greet all the DRS AND Patients after it ....i need small lesson about how to attack hemorrhoids .means special food for hemorrhoids and medicine and if there is else advices ! thank you doctors .....                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Awesome Doctor! He listens, is calm, has a great personality and genuinely wants to see people better! Don't make the mistake of over look this Doctor, I'm glad I didn't. He travels to about 4 different facilities from North to South Florida. He's a good Doctor that travels to your neck of the woods.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
" Dr. Maercks is an artistic mind as well as a plastic surgery innovator. I would ABSOLUTELY recommend him to anyone considering cosmetic surgery. I am thrilled with my results from his Cold Subfascial Breast Augmentation. My breasts are STUNNING. As a model, my body is my job and I do not trust anyone else with it but Dr. Maercks; a professional, a gentleman, passionate about what he does. GIFTED!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Dr Pacca is an amazing Dr and truly cares about his patients. He saved my life and when I missed an appt he called to check one. Highly recommend him                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 I  have never met any doctor  Dr Granda. My 1st visit was not rushed. She spent a lot of time with me and truly cared. My second visit was just as good and she remembered everything I had told her months earlier. She is truly amazing!!'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dedicated the time and effort to heal, advise and inform. Exceptional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 Dr. Poochikian was very clear and gave a concrete recommendation. Thank you Dr. Poochikian.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" Dr. Pousti's work is AMAZING! I have gotten so many compliments and I have people always asking who my surgeon was. Dr. Pousti was the first and only consultation I went on. Right away I knew that I would choose him to perform my surgery, and I am SO happy I did. Dr. Pousti and his staff are all so caring and they made me feel so comfortable.  I will recommend him to everyone and anyone!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 Good man. Addresses issues. Good follow up with patients. Knowledgable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" Dr. Diaz has been treating me for migraines for over 10 years. Without his help, I would not have been able to maintain quality of life. He is a very empathic doctor who is highly skilled in his profession. His staff is very professional and caring as well. Dr. Diaz has helped me recover from a stroke, and is helping me manage with chronic pain. I highly recommend him because he is great.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 I suffered terribly with foot pain and Dr Dukelow got me back on track. I now only have mild arthritic pain in my feet                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" Kind, caring, compassionate, very understanding of uninsured/underinsured costs and works within budget or even gives samples when possible.  EXCELLENT clinician and diagnostician, catching things specialists miss                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Allen  Tabron and you can quote me Dr Herbert Smitherman is best.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Helpful answers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Dr. Dowling has gave me the most indepth answer since I been on Health Tap. I wish I lived in NY because he would be my doctor! I recommend this knowledgable doctor. Thank you for your help.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Mr. Willits fixed my back                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Fantastic bedside manner, very smart and excellent technician.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Compassionate!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Ability to connect with patients.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Very compassionate!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Very compassionate!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Helps simplify the complex healthcare world.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Very caring!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Absolutely the best internal medicine doctor I have seen. Great bedside manner, really cares about his patients. I have recommended this doctor to my mother....                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" I Highly recommend this doctor. She has assisted with my pain management. Very kind, Great bedside manner. Truly helped with educating me with my back pain                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Highly recommend. Great bedside manner. Doesn't just write a prescription. I have had several procedures with this doctor to relive my back pain. He has truly saved my life. Anyone with similar problems knows what I mean.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" I Highly recommend this Doctor. Great bedside manner,  educational to his patients, I don't feel like I am just as a number. I believe he cares about me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Great Dr.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I really appreciated the quick and acurate response to my question                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 caring dedicated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 good doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" Dr. Parrish is my primary care physician, and I can't say enough good things about him. He's quite literally the best doctor I've ever had. He takes all the time needed with you, genuinely cares about you as a patient and as a person, and makes sure his staff follows up with you. He has accurately diagnosed things that others missed? because he took the time to really listen. Great bedside manner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 excellent doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Robotic Surgery.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 he is great his advice helped me relieve my neck pain                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 i am an oral cancer patient. i was dying when i saw this very capable surgeon. she helped save my life. she has that certain touch as a surgeon. it is a gift!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" I landed up with Dr. Nezhat after 3 years of frustrating experience with Kaiser. They were unable to diagnose the problem that gave me chronic pain in my abdomen, my asthma and inability to function normally. Once I changed my insurance I was able to get treatment from Dr. Nezhat who helped with my cysts in abdomen but also get me to Dr. Lane for IC and Dr. Metzger to address the root cause.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" Back between 2003 and 2006, I underwent few treatments for IC, Endo and abdominal pain. My surgon recommended me to Dr. Metzger and she was able to help me identify the root cause for my problems and was able to work with my lifestyle to slowly and gradually get me better. We found the issues were due to lot of allergies and Lyme. I could not have been where I am today without her care and support                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Dr. Segev is the best! He is very trustworthy and professional. His medical knowledge, skill, and reputation are all superb.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Friendly staff and doctor, wonderful results!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 I have always received compassionate care from Dr. Massoud.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 This is a great Doctor and his staff is friendly! I give him a 5 star rating!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Examines thoroughly with focus and  good humor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Dr. Dave Afflecks highest priority is to improve the lives of his patients. He understands their concerns and is the ultimate patient advocate. To that end, Dr. Affleck helps his patients and their families to understand all of the surgical and medical options available to them. Dr. Affleck is a nationally recognized and respected surgeon and I would recommend him very highly.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
" What can I say, this doctor is one of the most down to earth, caring, and most knowledgeable doctors let alone people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I was a patient of his for years until my health ins. Stopped coverage. If I had the money, I would've paid out of pocket to still  have him as my doc. BEST DOCTOR I'VE EVER HAD, No Joke.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" We are so thankful to have found Dr. Rehmann. He is caring, knowledgeable Dr.  He has been an amazing Dr and we even decided to switch our kiddos even our baby with special needs to him.  He and his nurse Rosie are amazing.  Our kids are so comfortable there and love them as do we.  I highly recommend him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Hands down, the best, most caring doctor I have ever been to!! I have been a patient  for about 10 years and my mother was a patient for almost 20. And, as long as I am living in Southern California, Dr. Fischmann is the only doctor will trust or go to!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" good bedside manner, compassionate, very thorough,listens to you, is interested in what you say and ask, answers in best way t o understand. Trust him                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Dr Dave Affleck is one of the best surgeons available right now. He is the only surgeon in Utah currently certified able to perform the Atrial Fibrillation Mini Maze surgery. He not only conducts this surgery locally, but trains other doctors in it internationally, and is widely respected and recognized for his expertise in the fields of Cardiothoracic Surgery and Vascular Surgery. Worth a look.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Dr. Nowain is not only an amazing doctor but he really listens and tries to understand his patients. When I found out I needed to see a gastroenterologist, I was nervous and stressed out but after talking to Dr. Nowain, he put me at ease, explained everything in detail to me, and gave me fantastic results. I would recommend him to anyone!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" Dr. Nowain is not only an amazing doctor but he really listens to his patients and takes the time to understand them. When I found out that I needed to see a gastroenterologist, I was nervous but after talking to Dr. Nowain, he really put me at ease, explained everything in detail, and gave me fantastic results. I highly recommend him to anyone!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Dr. Pousti will exceed any expectations you have. Number one thing about Pousti: he LISTENS. There is no way you will leave with a result other than what you wanted down to the last detail if you have him has your doctor. His care is phenomenal as well as his staff. There is not enough words to express the gratitude I have for him. He is a top of the line person and human being. I am so happy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" I originally visited Dr. Dembny for Botox, I loved the results so much I went back for Restylane to augment my lips. The results are so natural, no fish lips for me.  I would highly recommend Dr. Dembny, he really knows his stuff!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" I have never been a formal patient of Dr. Rosenfeld since I live in Canada and the commute would be brutal! However, he has been one of my most caring, go to physicians when I have  a chronic pain problem. He is always cheerful, flexible and has a good sense of humour (critical in caring for chronic pain patients).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" where is your Practice and are you accepting patients if so do you accept  medicaid, Thank you                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Dr. Nowain is incredibly talented and caring. He walked me through my whole surgery and made me feel at ease the whole time. I'd definitely recommend him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Dr. Kamble took the time to look beyond the basic tests and really listen to what my symptoms were. As a result I feel better!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr. Tseng has been my children's doctor since they were born (they are in their late teens).  I trust her with the health of my children completely. She is an amazing and expert doctor for your children.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" Dr. Irving is an excellent doctor. She takes time to listen to her patients and provides excellent insights and advice. I have recommended her to many of my friens, including my daughter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Dr. Schwartz is a phenomenal surgeon. His attention to detail installs confidence and happy to report he has a great bedside manner. I would not hesitate to recommend him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 The best psychiatrists around. I can't say enough good things about him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" Dr. Mitchell is the best, most knowledgeable, pediatrician in the area. I feel at ease when meeting with her. I absolutely trust her years of experience, professionally and personally, when it comes to my two children! I would recommend her to all.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Awesome dr. best cardiologist is Texas                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Dr. Thomas C. Namey helped me out a lot with prolactin related questions. I really appreciate his help. Highly recommended doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
" I seen Dr Arias a week ago in her Chicago office.  She is kind, knowledgable, and very patient with me, I had LOTS of questions. Her answers were straight forward and always included follow up questions to make sure I understood. I highly recommend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" When I look in the mirror I think of the story of the ugly duckling that was transformed into a beautiful Swan. The transition was not only physical but mental & psychological as well. I thank Dr.Clymer for his expert skill, knowledge and care in cosmetic surgery and using his skill/gift, to make magic!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 The most genuinely caring physician you will ever meet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" Being an RN with chronic issues, I know well the ways of the health care system and when I am receiving proper care. Dr. Chi was my MD on 2 separate occasions over the past year- each visit I was surprised at the quality of care I had. From the 1st moment, you know that she is skilled, caring, and that you will be in very good hands. Today my health is better, and I feel like I have her to thank.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 I would only recommend him to rot in hell - rarely have I held such distate and disgust for a human being                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Brilliant practitioner. Caring, dedicated, very knowledgeable, and genuinely cares for the patients overall health and well-being.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
" Brilliant practitioner. Caring, dedicated, very knowledgeable, and genuinely cares for the patients overall health and well-being.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Top notch!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 He is a great doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Dr Galland is great! He is the most helpful doctor I have seen and always takes time to answer my questions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" I would highly recommend Dr. Dominique. This is my second delivery with her. She has awesome bedside manners. Dr. Dominique is very easy to contact and she makes me feel important, not just a number. Janie Castillo :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
" He was a great doctor, nice, treated my pain.  Was quick to get my x-rays.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 I recently  had a student who had a medical issue and consulted Dr. Sultan about what to do. His advice was implemented and my students medical condition disappeared. Thank you Dr. Sultan.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr. Hatton reminds me of Maya Angelou. She's very knowledgeable and shows concern just like Maya. And yes, the Saturday drop in is super awesome.  She rocks.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 Very good doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Amazing doctor that takes time to listen and care about me and my family.  Highly recommended.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Dr. Attias is wonderful!!  He is an intelligent, caring physician, who has improved my quality of life.  In fact, he gave me my life back, and for that I am truly grateful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Dr. Morales is one of the best doctors I have ever have been a patient of.  He genuinely cares about my well- being.  He and his staff go out of their way to make sure all of my health care needs are met.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr. Minoli is the most amazing plastic surgeon. He is meticulous, kind, sweet, caring and just EVERYTHING you want for your experience.  His prices are very affordable! He makes you comfortable. He remembers things I told him a year ago about my personal life. (a man who listens..call Guinness lol) So you, in no way, feel like a number, or another paycheck. His nurses are the sweetest women ever.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Awesome doctor, great bedside manner, very thorough and knowledgeable!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Great person, Very Caring, Compassionate, rational, and although she was extremely busy the last time I saw her she took her time to listen to my problems and help me treat them and fix them. I couldn't ask for a better doc. In a world full of uptight cynics, she is down to earth and understanding. Very rare in the medical field.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
" Thank God for Dr. Lim!!!  He is not only an excellent surgeon, but a professional and friendly doctor, and a kind man with a good sense of humor.  I love him!  He gave me my life back!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" Dr. Lim performed surgery on me and I could not be happier with the result.  I am completely pain-free.  He is very professional, friendly, and kind, and has a good sense of humor as well.  I appreciate Dr. Lim more than I could every say.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 He saved my fathers life when I was a little boy! Thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Very good                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr. ""C"" is one of the kindest doctor's I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with. She has an amazing bedside manner, shows that she really does care about her patients,  makes you feel like your concerns are important and valid, and that you're not just another number. I am so sad that she moved out of state, and I miss her dearly. Good luck Dr. ""C""!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Dr. Fuller has been my Primary Health Care Physician for approximately 4 years and, during, this time, I have always felt as if I were his only patient.  He has the extraordinary ability to provide his patients with his genuinely easy going nature.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
" Extremely knowledgable in several areas, ranging from depression to adult ADD to sleep disorders.  Excellent with medication-resistant patients who need multiple medication management and combinations. Looks at the whole patient vs a patient's specific symptoms/problems/complaints. Highly and confidently recommend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Dr. Colin  Kopes-Kerr he talks medicine and of course occasionally  one of the most down to earth physicians i know call i    a good bedside manner call m i call me crazy to think this doc has known me all alomg in a  strange way already          keep up the great  work    -Pugs-
 He takes very good care of many of my family members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Dr. Sneid was very helpful, straight to the point, and spot-on with diagnosis.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Dr. Shibuya is not only knowledgeable, but really cares about his patients.  I had been to few physician offices, most of them are just average, until I found Dr Shibuya. Not only he diagnosed me correctly, and also went out of his way to get me the latest biologic treatment - which has helped tremendously. I am referring him to all my friends, and most of them are very grateful!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Extremely knowledgeable, informative, great communicative skills. Awesome surgeon.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Great, thorough doctor. I would definitely recommend Dr. Baker for her knowledge and compassion.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 This doctor knew exactly what was going on with me. Highly recommended.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" As a patient of Dr. TJ &HER Team back on 1/28. I AM truly thankful,&grateful for her professional &knowledgable operation skills made me pull through a difficult situation.(stroke) Tank you --Paul.also thank you nurses on the 6th floor of Jeffers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 Excellent Doctor right to the point!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Very  knowledgable and  makes one feel comfortable & confident by the end of the visit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Amazing with children of all ages!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Amazing!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" Thank you so much for your prompt response to my question. I have been so worried due to the fact that his cardiologist said that when he ordered blood the WBC was really low and sent my husband to a cancer doctor, his CBC came back a week later with 6.3. You have put my mind to ease a little :))))                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Dr Mullen is kind and very good. Every visit I have with her ends with my issue being taken care of in a positive manner                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 I have had 2 colonoscopies done by Dr. Walch. He is very knowledgable in his field and takes time to explain the procedure and what you might expect. Highly recommended!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr. Patti diagnosed me with having sleep apnia in 2002. I did a sleep study and per his recommendation, I've been using a CPAP machine every night when I sleep.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 Dr. Tuel diagnosed my right hip pain that I needed a complete hip replacement. Had the surgery in January 2012 and I have been pain free since. I highly recommend Dr. Tuel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr. Pappas treated me for a DVT/PE I had back in May 2012. After researching my condition, Dr. Pappas diagnosed me having May-Thurner Syndrome. This is where the iliac vein and artery cross in my left groin and the vein in time becomes compressed which results in a clot (DVT). After breaking up over 95% of the clot, Dr. Pappas was able to put 2 stents in the vein to keep it open.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Very knowledgable and personable                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Dr. Linda Savory has been my doctor for years. In that time, I have found her not only caring, exstreamly knowledgeable but also takes the time to really listen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 Great surgeon ... I wouldn't have to think twice about putting myself in his hands!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" He is a great communicator - He actually listens when I speak - he is patient, kind and generous with his time and advice.  He is a great doctor that helped me to reduce medication and improve my activity level and ability to rejoin my life as a ""participant"" again as opposed to a ""spectator"" I really appreciate being treated like a human being rather than a number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Awesome doctor. I had been coughing for months and when nobody could figure it out, he did in one visit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Great doctor at Texas Scottish rite hospital for children with nail patella syndrome and many other  conditions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" I had my beast done with him. Great doctor and staff. Over all caring and makes sure that your well taken care of. A family friend found him, she did her homework and we love them since. I still send over people i know to him and they couldn't be happier with his work. I still see him for follow up visits. Its been 7 years since my surgery and i couldn't be happier.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" I had my beast done with him. Great doctor and staff. Over all caring and makes sure that your well taken care of. A family friend found him, she did her homework and we love them since. I still send over people i know to him and they couldn't be happier with his work. I still see him for follow up visits. Its been 7 years since my surgery and i couldn't be happier.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Dr. Alexandra Chan is one of the best. She is gentle , compassionate, graceful and always makes us feel at ease. Last but not least , we love to see her always radiant and beautiful smile. Highly recommended .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Dr. Amy is great! I was uncomfortable about going to an OBGYN (as every woman is!) but relaxed when I met Dr. Amy. She's very professional and understands the whole discomfort about visiting an OBGYN. She is very knowledgeable and caring, and listens to what her patients have to say. She is a mom, so she knows how to make things comfortable for you, and  as an added bonus, she's sweet and funny.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Dr. Kersten is wonderfully patient and kind. She really listens to her patients, and is very thorough. Her office is really lovely as well. Great doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 She is very thorough and I really appreciate her willingness to talk things through concerning my health.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 i got nose xray  done. i was detected with s shaped deviation in nasal septum and turbinate hypertrophy. is it cause of any danger.is it necessary to be treated. what are the procedures of treatment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Very caring and listens to you and makes you feel like your opinion matters GREAT doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 He is a good and caring person                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr.Batlle is a terrific doctor. He never rushes you. He is very knowledgeable and always willing to listen to anything you have to say. I have been seeing him for a little over 2 years now and I very much trust his medical advice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" Dr. Zuckerman was the best doctor I've ever had. Why? I felt like her only patient. She never rushed. she listened, offered gentle advice, was caring , funny (at the right time), compassionate and supportive until I was able to stand on my own two feet again. Truly an experience I'll never have again.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 He's the BEST! Been seeing him for close to 20 years!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 I highly recommend this Doctor for any and all neurological issues.  If  there is a way that I can possibly have him intervene on my behalf with my present doctor I shall not hesitate.  
" Dr. Roth is the most dedicated and compassionate doctor I have ever met. When I was under her care, I felt the most confident in our healthcare system.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Great for Allergies, helped my son with anaphylaxis! Saved his life!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Great Doctor!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Great ER Physician!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" I'm so happy I found Dr. Cremers, no eye doc has been able to diagnose the reason for dry eyes and I finally have a plan to tackle/manage it. Her enthusiasm and expertise are immediately evident. ; )  thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 One of the most awesome Docs ever!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Very thorough. Listens to your concerns and addresses them promptly. Hes been patient and understanding through my whole jurney.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Dr. Lalani has been treating me for Fibromyalgia for a while now. This Dr. Knows his stuff. He has fantastic bed side manners. He looks at you, when he is talking to you. He and his wonderful staff are great. In the office of Dr. Lalani the patient comes first. I do recommend Dr. Lalani to any one that has to live with pain.  And so I say again Thank You Dr. Lalani Maxine Bethmann"
" Dr. Hatton is down to earth and shows concern. She is very likable.  Here's the awesome part, she has a drop in clinic on Saturdays.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" Diagnosed my condition very quickly after suffering from vertigo for over 10 yrs! Im able to live a little better with treatment. Very thorough on sypmtoms , conditions and treatments!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Very personable. Listens well. Caring.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Spends a great deal of time with you. Knowledgable. Good doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" Takes time with patients and has solved problems for myself and family members that have plagued us for years. The wait is no fun and that's why his rating by others isn't higher, but it is worth it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" From day one, treated me like a person! Caring, personable and so nice. Glad I have her as my doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" Dr. Dembny is very kind, professional, and keeps current with the latest procedures and techniques. He takes time to get to know you so he can give you the result you are looking for. "
" Dr. Lynch is a very caring, knowledgable Physician who continually provides the best care to his patients. He has great relationships with his patients and provides the best care possible.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Dr.White is an outstanding ophthalmologist who has always handled my eye care with my confidence.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Very experienced.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" Dr.Vogel  is the best Doctor in the state of Nevada. She is caring, very professional.  She takes her time with her patients.  She listens and is willing to help.  She practices good medicine, very rare you find a doctor like her these days. Her staff is very nice and helpful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" I would highly recommend Dr. Dembny!  He's very thorough and makes sure he knows exactly what you want and that you're happy with your results.  He takes his time and doesn't make you feel rushed at all, answers all your questions.  Great bedside manner and very knowledgeable in his field.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 The best Cardiologist in North East Tennessee!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" He is very nice and knowledgeable. The first time I saw him, I knew I wanted him as my family doctor. He comes highly recommended!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
" The Dr I've ever come across, caring, and very thorough.... I would not hesitate to recommend Rita to anyone who wants a great Dr                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 Best dr there is :D caring and keeps looking until she finds what is going on                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" The staff are all very kind , starting   from when I check in for my appointment @ the front counter (Kristy) to the nurses (Theresa) then Dr. Harris. who takes the time to listen to all my concerns  and  questions. Calls as soon as test  results are in or just to check  if  I am feeling better.ect..  .  I am thankful to have  Dr Harris for my docter  Thank You .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 He is great! Tom Schori                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Dr Peter McAllister is a wonderful caring doctor who always take time with you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 I would recommend Dr.Mracek to any and everyone i know that would need his services. He is an exceptional physician.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Dr Richie is a thorough physician who takes her time with.you. Always gets symptoms and needed tests for a definitive diagnosis . I feel comfortable and confident in her care. She is prompt returning calls and calling with test results.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 She is very kind and personable.  Staff is very friendly and helpful also.  I truly feel I can be open with her.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Kind and compassionate... Truly cares. The real deal.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Kind and compassionate... The real deal.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" Dr. Christopher R. Lynch is an exceptional physician.   His knowledge is comprehensive, and his ability to diagnose and  to address  successfully  his patients' medical issues is impressive. He is an excellent listener; he cares about his patients                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 I recommend Dr. French he is wonderful in every way. He can always answer my questions. He is an all around WONDERFUL doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" A GREAT Doctor. Very knowledgeable, & takes the time explain & welcomes your input. Great qualities to have in a PCP                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" Very dedicated , caring And knowledgeable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" I have been a patient of Dr Shipp for 11 years. Dr Shipp is unlike any doctor I have ever had. He remembers people, cares, looks at the entire health picture of his patients. I cannot recommend him highly enough. Great doctor! He is now w/Sharp in SD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" Dr Brucker is a highly skilled surgeon with excellent bedside manner. He is caring, thoughtful, thorough, strategic and very intelligent. I would definitely recommend his skills and will return to his care in the future.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" I have had four knee surgeries with Dr Chao.  My ski related injuries were all successfully rehabilitated and Dr Chao was both professional and helpful. He is efficient, an excellent surgeon and kind person.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Wonderful doctor, very personable and knowledgable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 My results of vision correction were better than I expected!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Dr. Jovanovich was so nice to my family, he's an excellent doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 This doctor was very nice and spoke to me in a way that I understood everything he was saying.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Great physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" One of the best doctors i have been to, i really admire the DR because he goes the extra mile for his patients, always pleasant , just want to say thank you so much for being who you are, god bless you and your family                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 As you can see I am Dr Perozeks biggest fan and follower. You will have to meet him to understand why. You'll be hooked too!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr Perozek is the most compassionate,caring,knowledgable, and handsome Dr you will ever find!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
" Dr Perozek knows how to run the best medical practice in Vegas! His office is the best. The staff is so polite and friendly, has the most unique selection of eyewear, and creates such a relaxing ambience with his music selection. Best Dr ever!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 he is f**** good                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Dr Gelin goes beyond the call of duty to make sure her patients get the best possible evaluation and treatment. She is constantly updating her knowledge and skills by pursuing trainings on the most current methods and information.  You are in good hands with Dr Gelin!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Very friendly and helpful. Took the time to talk and explain everything to me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr Ginsberg a doctor whom went out of his way to see a patient that he knew didn't need be seen in his field. Dr Ginsberg went the extra mile to help me feel more comfortable with trusting doctors again. A stand up guy true one of a kind...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 He is the best doctor I have ever been to and still continue to visit.Recommend him highly.His staff is equally the best.No problems getting an on time appt.Talking on phone to him or his nurse.He solves problems.Or makes you aware how to improve and change life style to feel better.I trusted him  in having surgery It was life changing. I feel younger and well no more pain.I trust him .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 This doctor game very sound advice and answered very quickly.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Dr . Lynch is knowledgeable, caring and considerate. He takes care of his patients as if they were family members and consistently does extra to help them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Dr. Harman is the best doctor I have had since my other doctor moved out of the country she is compassionate and always has the right answer and is very helpful.  Love her and highly recommend her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Dr. Farkas is great with kids, she understands their needs and is able to help patents understand them as well! I HIGHLY recommend her!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 I recently had a very long surgery on my back.  Recently after the surgery I started using New Youth products because I was in need of a change.  After 2 months of using I started receiving compliments on how good I looked.  At first I thought people thought I should look terrible after an 11 hour surgery.   I received compliments from both men and women.  I feel so good about my looks now.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr.DeLange made me feel comfortable from the start. I have wanted to have this procedure done for a long time. Dr. D understood this fear and apprehension and made me feel at ease. He was attentive to my questions and addressed them in a caring manner. The results of my surgery are fantastic, he is amazingly  talented and a knowledgeable doctor. I love his staff also.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Dr. Thompson saved my life. I would highly recommend him he has an excellent bedside manner                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Dr wien is the kindest most caring doctor I know!! Been very good to me for years!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" I would recommend Dr. Busch to anyone with an ear, nose & throat ailment. He is kind and caring and has helped my children and I with numerous conditions ranging from ear infections to sinus problems and allergy relief through  weekly immunotherapy . I have also been treated my his skin care specialist at the medispa.. A skin care regimen was specifically designed and it has been most helpful with my aging concerns.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 A wonderful kind hearted caring doctor!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
"  Best Doctor, Had him as primary care Doctor while on active duty at Scott AFB. Best quality is he can diagnosis what you have right off. Had etopic pregnancy when I was 37.  Yellow snot means infection, gave my son antibiotics for sinusitis when Pediatrician won't. Ear tubes cleared up my son's infection at 18 months. Others wouldn't. Caring,Best bedside manner.Vast Experience Trustworthy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Dr. Turner is a wonderful physician and I truly appreciate him taking the time to listen to my concerns and asking me questions to determine the best treatment plan for me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Thank you Dr Pousti! I truly believe you are the best Gynecomastia surgeon in the world! Your expertise and commitment to patients needs is irrefutable. Thankfully surgeons like you exist that can give men back normal lives, I'm truly grateful. If I could leave one parting message to people like me a year ago just browsing the site, I say ""Do it!"" Get the surgery be happier with yourself and enjoy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 **** typo ;)..... Meant to say NEVER  rushing us or our questions out the door!!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 We love dr yee!   He is so great with the kids and funny!   Tey love him. Very personable and takes his time.... Nece rushing us or our questions out the door!   Tks! Hovans                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Best dentist!    I was hesitant about going to a dentist in a shoppin plaza vs some fancy medical center but I rolled the dice and won! I have been seeing his office for over 5 years and it is a wonderful experience.   Friendly gentle staff.... Now my 3 kids and hubby go too.  Ages 4,5,6 and all love him and the staff as well.   They make even the most apprehensive of patients comfortable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 A very concerned and knowledgable  Dr.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Dr. Thompson is both humble and intelligent...and very helpful!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Best dr.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Dr. Lovell has a keen understanding of her specialties.  She is both helpful and humble.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 This doctor is humble and sharp-witted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" Love Dr. Dugan, knowledgeable, explains things, great doctor that cares, would recommend to anyone! So wish he was my hematologist, but I live in NC. Excellent doctor! Atttttttttttttttttt!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 I love him he's my favorite doctor!  Me pregnancy  was very high risk but he just knew that it would be absolutely  fine. He had faith in me and he works fast but he answered every off the wall question I had lol!! What more can you ask for in any doctor! Love ya Dr. F                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" She's always compassionate to my needs, and doesn't mind talking to me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 When booking my first appt the receptionist said he has very good bedside manner & she was right! He's very calm & knowledgeable & takes all the time you need to answer questions. We even found our awesome pediatrician b/c of him. We recently moved out of state & are greatly missing him & our pediatrician but he went out of his way to get recommendations from his contacts in our new area for both!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 I am so pleased to have been introduced to Dr. Manny Ayyar to do my colon surgery. I am very pleased with his dedication to his work. I highly recommend Dr. Manny Ayyar.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" I approve of this doctor, he has done my very first Surgery and I am 78yrs. I highly recommend him.  And his bedside manner is nice and makes one feel at ease and trusting of him. I truly trust him and will be having yet another lapooscopic surgery done be the same surgery .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 I want to recommend you because of ur knowledge and understanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 I have nothing but praise for Dr. Shah and his staff!!  He was extremely thorough and left no questions unanswered. My results were wonderful and very natural looking. I am planning on getting other procedures in the future and will definitely go to Dr. Shah again!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Dr Kreiss is the must ""human"" doctor we have  ever met.  He really cares about his patients. Always up beat and has a gift for making people feel at ease                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Best doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Great Doctor. Very knowledgeable and always open to discuss all topics associated with medical issues and causes!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Wonderful doctor that eased my mind about a up coming Iron infusion. Very knowledgeable. Thanks so much! Would recommend to anyone! Excellent doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Very knowledgeable, responds in a timely manner Thank You so much                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Great doctor, very holistic, and has a nutritionist on staff. Has been very helpful when I'm not feeling well and also a great resource for proactive health measures and weight loss.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 Excellent doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Great personable service.  Did not push tkr.  Gave me all other options first.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" I had a condition, I have not had in 20 years, and Dr. Youngren diagnosed it correctly with just a few questions. Plus I was very nervous he was going to use a catherter right there on my first visit, but he did not and said there was no need, that I had to have surgery, so that was a relief! I also liked the way the billing was handled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 Dr. Reed repaired my hernia. He did an excellent job pre op and post op. Caring doc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Exceptional                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 I really enjoyed my experience with Dr. Corey and his staff.  I found them all to be very knowledgable and professional.  They always make you feel comfortable and are willing to answer any questions.  I also felt that Dr. Corey really listened to what I wanted and did an amazing job at achieving my goals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" I received a clear and precise diagnosis, with no confusingly long words nor unfamiliar medical terms. This is what I like from the professionals to whom I turn for important advice and support. I am grateful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 I was incredibly impressed by both  Dr. Bared and his staff.  His bedside manner and attention to detail is amazing!  I highly recommend Dr. Bared to anyone looking to have a rhinoplasty.  I am very pleased with my results!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" Dr. Namey is the most amazing Physician!  I have never met a more caring and intelligent person in my life.  After seeing countless Dr's over the years, and never getting answers,  one Visit to Dr. Namey's office and I knew I finally had what I needed! I cannot recommend Dr. Namey enough. This world needs more Physicians like him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Awesome!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I went to Dr. Luciano for many years for my endometriosis. He was wonderful! I trust him completely. Also his daughter Daniel who also works with him is great too. I was always happy with the treatment I received there.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" Im recommending Dr. Dowling because I asked my question, and for the first time got a answer that made perfect since-all my problems were most likely from a ac seperation three years ago-didnt even mention it-and he called it exactly...."
" ""Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.""  Margaret Mead I believe this quote captures my experience with Dr. Poelstra. From my initial consultation, surgery, and follow up appointments Dr. Poelstra has been both caring and professional addressing my spine problems. Highly recommend. Thanks Doc!!, Terry Mitchell, Niceville, Fl. "
 Dr. Arias is a very kind person and a terrific Doctor My whole family enjoys seeing him and his whole staff.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Wonderful doctor really cares about her patients                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Wonderful doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Great personality.   Likes people and very interactive. If you want a doctor who will talk to you (and not talk down to you) Dr. Olson is perfect.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 I just went to Dr. Clay for the first time and found her to be very friendly and personable. I felt like she really listened to me and did not make me feel rushed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 I have known Dr. Ibrahim for many years as well as worked with him.  He is always very professional and caring.  I would highly recommend Dr. Ibrahim.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" I find Dr. Lim to be very professional, knowledgeable, friendly, and caring.  He performed surgery on me and did an excellent job.  He took his time beforehand to explain the process and what to expect.  Immediately following surgery, my pain subsided substantially.  I am still seeing Dr. Lim for follow-up visits and he takes his time and talks with me, and I really appreciate him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" He gave a straightforward,honest answer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
" Without question the best doctor anyone could hope to find.  He deserves the highest rating in all areas.  I trust him completly. Dr. McClung is a brillant, caring person, and an excellent Internist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Good , insightful recommendations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 This dentist did my root canal  and crown last year. Everything went great. Highly recommend!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 He is always there for me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" 5 out of 5! Great Physician, with an excellent staff. By far one of the best Cardiologists out there!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" Dr Abikhaled's approach toward me as a patient gave me the confidence to trust his decision concerning my PT-Thyroid surgery. He took time to listen, allowed me to express my concerns, and carefully explained possible outcomes in surgery. My surgery went well. He skillfully performed a more difficult procedure than anticipated with a better than expected outcome. I'm grateful for his extra effort.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" The Best CV.in the world ,Was ,Is and will always be second to none                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 She quickly saw me as a walk in' and got my blood pressure back on track all in a matter of a day.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Dr Jacobs is one of the Best Doctors in his Field.  I highly recommend him for any hormonal issues. 
" I used this doctor and I recommend him, thanks Dr. Miami!!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Awesome doctor, attentive, thinking and very compassionate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" I was referred to Dr Clymer?s practice thru Dr Michael Huenke, also a plastic surgeon and colleague of Dr Clymer.  Since 2006 Dr Clymer?s office has been handling all my personal care needs.  They are a staff composed of some of the best people that I have had the pleasure of meeting.  They all work as a team and I feel they have my best interest at heart.  It?s not just a doctor?s office to get y                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 Brilliant man                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Dr. Haynes has been very helpful in helping me lose weight, and improve my fatty liver disease. It is hard to find a doctor who is willing to work with people with weight problems and I recommend him to anyone else with health problems caused by obesity.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" She changed my quality of life!  I cried the day she left the UVA MS clinic.  I haven't been able to replace her no matter where I tried or who I saw.  She is a true treasure!  What is miss the most is her opinion.  If she said something wasn't an issue, I could trust it to be true.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
" Ive only been to his office once but plan on going back for all my dental needs! Hes truley ah amazing dentist, very friendly and helpful! I felt like i was in amazing hands and had niothing to worry about which id always nice when your going to the dentist! The staff was amazing and they all joked and got along really well with eachother! Widh there was more like him out there! So happy! :-)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Exceptional in all regards                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" DR. THOMAN did my implants last year. Besides being incredibly professional and knowledgeable, he took caution and always explained procedures, calling me at home several times to make sure all was going well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 I have been going to Dr. Polis for the last 7 years and she has been absolutely wonderful.  The staff are so nice and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  I take my mother to her as well and she is very gentle with her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 He was my sister's dr when she had my nephew and is my dr now with my daughter... We both love him.!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Great Doc. Always helpful and treats patients well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" I unhesitatingly recommend ""Dr. Dave"" and Sonora Smiles. From your arrival to your exit, you will be treated with respect by the courteous, kind staff and acknowledged as an individual. Upbeat Aaron and Michelle greet you with an offer of ""coffee or water?"" Interesting and independent, dental technician Lisa will engage you in conversation and listen attentively.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 I love being seen by Dr. Fiala. I feel like I'm getting the quality care that I didn't get at my previous Doctor. She takes her time to address my health concerns and I don't feel like I'm being rushed out.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr Henkel is the Best In her Field none Better would advise everyone to see her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Dr Erickson is the Best in Urology  field, none Better. Would advise everyone to go see her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Dr  Groves and staff are very helpful, caring, hard working. Dr groves is the Best in her field, None Better, I would advise everyone to go see her. Many  thanks to Dr Groves and staff.      P Jones                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 He saved my life                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" I would trust Dr. Metzinger with my life,  he saved me from cervical cancer and I Thank God for him everyday                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Dr. Culen is 1 of very few Drs.who actually takes time to listen,.he truly cares about ea individual patient & is very approachable & treats U as a person, not as if U R lower than him. I was his patient for close to 17+ yrs & lost w/o him!"
" I recommend Dr. Hoffman as a wonderful family physician. She is very kind, patient, caring, understanding and a good listener. I was very happy when I switched to her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 Great Doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 The kindest most comforting dr I've ever had the pleasure of communicating with. I wish there was one just like  him  where  I livr                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
"  He treated me with patience and consideration of my needs.  He understood my wholistic preference and tried to let me stay off prescription medicine.  Prevention is the best cure, so he helped me avoid throat problems by reducing my acid reflux from a weekly problem to a very occasional discomfort that I recognize the onset and can stop it before it even hurts!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Dr fern did my hysterectomy ! He's  a great dr  on a scale of 1 to 10    He's  a 10     When I voted I hit the wrong # I meant 10 !! I couldn't change it  Amy R                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Nice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Very caring and concern about patients                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" She is one of the best in Presque Isle,  Me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Knowledgeable, compassionate, skilled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 I think Dr. Samuel is a fantastic Doctor and recommend him to everyone. Please feel free to use me as a reference anytime.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Wonderful , knowledgeable caring Doctor! I would highly recommend her!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 Dr. Brett Halper and his entire staff are very knowledgeable and professional.  I left my original Dr. because he would make me wait over a hour every single time and i had a scheduled appointment.   Dr. Halper values your time as much as his own !!  I highly recommend this office and all the doctors associated with Halper Family Medicine.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Dr. Abrams recently did bunion and hammertoe surgery on both my feet. I had very minimal pain afterwards. He answered all questions making sure nothing was left out. He was extremely informative, well mannered, and has a really good sense of humor. I am thoroughly happy with my results. I highly recommend this Dr.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Love this dr. She's wonderful with my kids                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 What a kind and knowledgable doctor! He made me feel so much better. I would recommend him to anyone!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" Has been my physcian for 20 years and I will not change. besides a good doctor, he is not a pill pusher and has become a friend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 I had my labiaplasty done by Dr. Arthur and was extremely happy with the results. I would recommend him to anyone. Thank you Dr. Arthur.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Dr. Emrich was very helpful with a tooth/jaw related situation.  He was both quick and insightful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
" Dr. Castillo is a great doctor who takes the time to answer all of his patients questions. It's an awesome feeling to know that your doctor is not in a rush when it comes to your health.  He is quite ""to the point "", thorough and,  responsible.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 I highly recommend Dr Pisharody                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" I had a severe eye infection that Dr Fong treated and saved my vision.  He is thorough, knowledgable and at the top of his practice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 Great & knowledgeable surgeon. One of the top in the country in VA Shunt  placement and very patient and knowledgable about intracranial hypertension (formerly called pseudotumor cerebri). I have been with him for 4 surgeries so far.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Wonderful person. Great with attitude, truly cares for her patients. :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 Absolutely one of the most caring doctors I have no. I am a doctor myself and psychology. Also very knowledgeable and extremely interested in the business and interest of patients.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Dr. Vogel is the best doctor in the state! She is smart and thoughtful. She takes her time with you, she explains in detail her plan and treatment, she answers your questions and is not afraid yo tell you she  doesn't know! Her bed side manners are impeccable. I highly recommend her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Thank you for taking the time to answer,busy Dr and proves money isnt top of his list.Bravo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 The best. She very thorough and spends time with her patients                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Very knowledgeable and caring. Not hard to get an appointment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 He saved the life of my unborn son by doing an emergency cerclage after one of my twins was born prematurely.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Used him for 20+ years Good bedside manner Very knowledgeable                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 I would highly recommend the healthcare team at Family Medicine Healthcare and Dr. Abdelshaheed.  I felt listened to and my health concerns were addressed quickly.  I am looking forward to feeling better and I have the team at Family Medicine Healthcare to thank!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 he is the best doctor i had ever seen 
 Great doctor! Very thorough and listens to you problems and finds the best solution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 you must a busy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" If this is the same alex tessnow i had the privledge being a pt. from the Alpine Med.group in slc, UT i miss you very much ive had 7 drs since you none worth the scripts they push on me  i never had a better dr before or after you sincerly,  w grenek                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" his explainations are well explained and were very helpful,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" So I went to see Dr. Arthur Desrosiers after hearing one of my mom's friends talk about how happy she was with lipo, at a dinner party on the beach last month. I'm a guy in my 20s but I've had 'man-boobs' since I was a teenager. Dr. Arthur did lipo on me a few weeks ago and now I actually look like a man -- flat chest -- and no man-boobs! It was worth every dollar.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 He is the best dr                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" This is the first dentist that I have had that I can truly trust my oral health to.  She listens to all of my concerns, thoroughly explains what I have going on and gives me every option to fix it.  She is fabulous!  I had a tooth out and didn't feel a thing!  She even called to see how I was doing the next day!  She is someone who I would feel comfortable sending my friends and family to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
" Dr. Kaplan is an amazing physician (and surgeon)! I was without the ulna joint (one of the wrist joints) for 5 years before I found Dr. Kaplan. I also had tingling in my arm for 5 years. I had been told that nothing else could be done to help me. I'm only 34. Dr. Kaplan fixed the tingling at the first visit. Then he replaced my wrist joint, and my wrist is like it was never injured!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Great Dr. to have for your care, highly recommended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 Very helpful and clear                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Very responsive!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 They are great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 A great GP!!  Knowledge kind caring.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Great doctor, excellent care, very knowledgeable, explains things as they should be! Would recommend to anyone! Thank you so much!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
" Awesome doctor...very caring, helpful and just exceptional... words can't describe.  He's been taking care of my children for four years now and even though i have to travel for 45 minutes to go see him it's worth going and waiting :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" I have been working with Dr Gabriel and his staff since September 2012 for a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction. Dr Gabriel is the most talented plastic Surgeon I interviewed, he is caring, compassionate and a gifted Surgeon. His office and medical staff are amazing. I have had the best possible experience with Dr Gabriel and his staff since my diagnosis in July 2011. This is an amazing group                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 Good doctor knows her stuff                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 She has a very direct yet loving personality. Really cares for all her patients!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 A very caring awesome Dr.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Great urologist, easy to talk to. Very comfortable with her                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
" Dr. Mira Della Croce is an excellent, gentle, caring, thorough dentist!  I recommend her to all of my friends and family!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 He sure knows how to answer a question! Who knew?
" Has been my doctor since I was a kid. He always listens to my problems, tries his best to help, gives great advice, is always positive, and does his best to help me feel better. Best dr around.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 Dr. Yarborough does not only care about his patients but is very thorough                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" I have to say doctor Chandler and his accociates are the most caring doctors,nurses and obs in the world. Love ur facility and what u do. Thank u. :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" Love Dr. Frankwick! Not only is she a kind, caring gynecologist, she  made my high risk pregnancy a walk in the park.  She kept us informed, helped me prevent  complications and made delivery (14 hrs labor & c-section) a calm, wonderful experience!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Very knowledgable and kind. Generally cares about  his patients. I liked him so much I started taking my son there and not a regular pediatrician. I hardly ever have a wait and they can get me in whenever I need to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Amazing practice. Definitely recommend for infertility issues and any needs for IVF                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Very patient and takes time with patients. Have a lot of faith in this doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Best doctor.  Very caring, knowledegeable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 Dr. Sodhi is caring and concerned about his patient's health.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Doc knows much his field.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Only one visit so far, but impressed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" She is very knowledgeable, caring,complete and thorough.  Doesn't treat you just like a patient,  but rather a person. One of the first woman doctors I have had in over 20 years and has given me confidence back in women doctors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" He saved my life. Is extremely profesional, knowledgeable and a great person.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 Very knowledgeable and I love that she is a nurse practitioner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Best  DR. I have ever  had the privilege to work with. Bedside manner  and expertise in his field are par to none. A. miracle  in disguise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 I'm a recent patient. So far so good.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Excellent One                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Excellent one                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Having ankle pain for 5 yrs, I'll graduate high school feeling confident and comfortable under Dr. Bluman's care.  He spends a great amount of time to explain anything I ask, reassures me when I feel nervous, and gives a good opinion that considers more than my dx with him. He's a great man!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" Hi i have white spots on my skin which fungus I find out from Internet it's on my whole body (under arms,belly,between my legs and on neck)what I should do and I have lipoma too one on my kidney which is pain full please give me a use full seggetion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" Dr. Roark is fantastic! You won't find a more intelligent,  caring doctor around. She takes the time to answer all your questions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 I have used Dr. K. for 20 + yrs . He's a Super Physician!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Excellent primary care doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Wonderful, kind, very patient,thorough & supportive during treatment of my brain tumor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 She took care of my tremors.  Her & Medtronics.  Accolades to both.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Thank you for all that you do for us.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Thank you Dr. Omrani for always being there for me and my wife.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 DR DURALDE IS A CARING! KIND AND EXCELLENT CLINICIAN!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 She is the best doctor I have ever had.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Not only is this physician top class. He's friendly knowledgeable and has a great sense of humor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" Knowledgeable and caring, takes the time to listen. Busy practice, but staff can almost always fit me in when needed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 He's a good doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Absolutely the best. Bedside manner  impeccable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Dr. Beerbower is without a doubt the very BEST And most CARING doctor I have ever had!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Very nice!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 fantastic doctor!! she listens to your needs  and makes you feel at ease. I couldn't have asked for a better person to deliver my babies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Extremely patient and well verseda rare gem?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Patient and well versed in his field f expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" My daughter's teachers started saying she had trbl ""paying attention."" I took her 2 Dr Nickerson & he ran me thru the process. He spotted the issue right away - she's smart & bored! But he still referred us 2 b thorough. Great Dr!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Dr. Nickerson has been my daughter's dr since she was 2yrs old. He is very calm & knowledgeable. I am a mom of 1 and he never brushes my concerns aside. When her hip was hurting he said it was a growth spurt, but referred us 4 xrays to be sure.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 Genuinely cares. Great bedside manner. Easy to talk to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" Thank you so much for fixing my son. It was an emotional rollar coaster having a child with a severe craniofacial deformity. I tell everyone that you are my modern day Michelangelo - I can't believe you sculpted a new chin from his own rib bones. You gave my son a new life and two years later, he's just a normal kid. Mucho gracias por todo!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" He is very knowledgeable, takes as much time as I need. He listens, asks lots of questions and confirms information. He is very observant. Im happy to have him as my ID Doc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
" Wonderful Doctor who really listens and cares about his patients. Trustworthy, honest and upfront with great humor. You can't do better.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Quick straight forward answer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Went to Dr. Handler several years ago after some problems in surgerical procedure.He was very complete in ruling out heart problems.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Main words to describe Dr. Maritza Baez are: Diligent, caring, educated, experienced, ethical and gentle. Very responsive so no long waits for her responses. I am very happy and content with my interaction with Dr. Maritza Baez.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Quick response and great advice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Quick and courteous reply                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 A wonderful doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Dr. STARK  HAS BEEN VERY HELPFUL & PATIENT WITH ME. HELPS ME UNDERSTAND ABOUT VARIOUS PROBLEMS.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 I've found my life-long dentist!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Wow, an exceptionally kind Dr.Thank you for taking the time to answer people in other countries.Proves that money is way down your list and patients are not just numbers.Keep up the good work.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 Always so helpful and quick with all my worries!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 I love Dr Arthur's work! I had my facelift done by him and I look just like me but ten years ago. My friends know that I had it done because I told them but my acquaintances have no clue! They keep asking me if I did another yoga retreat or club med spa week.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 I was very sick with blastomycosis. Dr  Bloch was very thorough and caring. She and the team at Vanderbilt  saved my life! Thank u!  U are awesome!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 She is great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr. Mittman is one of the best doctors I have ever been to. He is really friendly and very good at what he does. You can tell he really cares about helping you and trying to get to the bottom of your allergy issues. If you are looking for an allergist, this is the one you want to see.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 I think Dr. Arthur is an amazing plastic surgeon.  I had my breast augmentation done by Dr. Arthur and my breasts look amazing! Very natural looking. I am extremely happy with the results and I would recommend Dr. Arthur to any of my girlfriends!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" I really love Dr Shinaman, he is really kind and courteous.  If you are in pain and are looking for a pain management doctor then I would suggest going to Dr Richard Shinaman at Pain Management Consultants. He is an expert in his field .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 The best doctor ever                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Caring, thorough, attentive to patients needs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Absolutely wonderful Doctor, with very efficient Staff.  They give the best patient care service, with up to date modern equipments and technologies.  The best part is getting almost all the tests and treatments are done on the same visit.  This is the place to go if you like to be cared for as a patient.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 U seem very nice an I would recommend you                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Hello dr its great pleasure for me to connect with you .....to have healty life style and to get useful information in my filed as am a pharmacist. ..                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 STRAIGHT TO THE POINT IN LAYMEN TERMS...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 bEST INFO YET..                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 I was at a loss so I turned to the internet and Dr. Chinen was the only information on pigweed allergies...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Caring doc who listens.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 I have been seeing Dr. Kiker for almost 5 years now. He has been nothing but the best! He is genuinely concerned about my pain level and has always been up on all the new medications and procedures that could possibly help me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Awesome dr takes time w all patients to listen to everything....  nursing staff cool too                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" I went to dr walker for tubular breast deformity and abdominal liposuction and he gave me the best results ever ,  I am so happy . He truly cares about giving you the best results . . Thank you very much  dr walker for my wonder results                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Very kind and listens.  Sits and explains everything about your surgery and answers your questions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 The best and most passionate doctor I have ever had the pleasure of having in my corner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" Dr. Musinski is one of the best doctors I have seen in many years.  He listens to what I have to say, explains things very clearly & made my surgery a very positive experience. His staff is excellent...Paula goes way beyond helpful!  I'm so happy to have found such a wonderful place to go where I feel cared for.  Thanks to the entire staff!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" If you are a legitimate pain patient,I HIGHLY recommend Dr.Merck. He is a very skilled,compassinate man who is very dedicated to his patients and practice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" Very calm, rational and helpful! Been trying to get a real good response from someone. His is the first that was rational and didn't jump the gun to a serious ailment!! Very very helpful!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 What do you do with a strain muscle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Excellent clinician who takes his time with each patient and explains things in understandable terms. Excellent bedside manner and very proactive with patient care .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 great doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 He confirmed my fear but yet gave me confidence.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Very knowledgeable, very calming demeanor, and shoots you straight!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 He is extremely knowledgeable and dedicated. I greatly appreciate his explanations to my MANY questions; he definitely has helped relieve much stress and given me confidence to fight my medical problems.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Left me a quick and reassuring message. Would recommend him to anyone!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" So knowledgeable and caring. Takes the time to get it right. She is inspiring , and kids LOVE her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Most truly carrying doctor. Explains everything andnever rushes! :-)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 I am currently a patient of Dr.Berry-Hooks. I have recommended and will continue to recommend her services.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Robert is the man. His dedication is an inspiration to me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Dr. Lewis, listens and makes sure she understands what your concerns are. she does not rush you in/out. she makes you feel understood. Good doc. My family has been patients of Dr. Lewis for several years. would not trade drs. Barbara -Daniel Moseley & family                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 dr wright is a true professional                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Dr. Forrest was extremely professional, caring, tactful and knowledgeable with my grandfather. During our first visit, he spent roughly an hour reviewing charts, describing variables, the technology behind the graphs, etc- clear example of the excitement and appreciation he has for his career. If you have a PPO, go straight to Dr. Forrest; if you have Kaiser, demand for him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" You made my day ,Thank you ever so much                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 Very knowledgeable and caring.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" I love Kathleen, I've been seeing her for a couple of years now, and changed my son to her as well, she is a very good doctor, and now that I see her, I won't see anyone else! she talks in normal talk, not doctor lingo, so you can understand, and she's very easy going!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" I love this doctor, he is very easy to talk to, takes the time to explain things to you thoroughly, and makes sure you understand everything, doesn't talk all the doctor lingo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Very nice young and caring dr who wants to get you better                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" This Dr is GREAT! My Grandparents in their mid 80's have been seeing him and so have I. I REALLY LIKE HIM! He is kind, caring and professional. Sometimes I am socially anxious but I always feel 1000% welcome and comfortable in Dr. Miller's office. His staff is superb! He calls you back if you call after hours HIMSELF! Chose Dr. Miller - You will NOT regret it!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 I love this Dr. He is sort of like a father to me! My grandparents see him and so does my Uncle!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Very helpful and quick to apply with reassuring answers. Thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" Great doctor, great attitude. Feel very comfortable discussing any problem that may occur.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" He is an amazing Dr.  I've seen him since  12/06. When I saw him the first time it was about a month after I had a Major Mastoid surgery from a different Dr. who caused me to get a staph infection up there. Dr. Trimmer saved my life, and still is!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" He is very knowledgeable, caring, great with kids! Gives accurate information and care plans! I highly recommend Dr. Mutnick to all my family and friends!!! He also takes the time to thoroughly explain any questions and concerns!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" I've had a lot of injuries over the years from playing sports and have seen many Orthopedic specialists, Dr. Paul is one of my favorite doctors. Highly recommend him, very knowledgable, great bedside manner and a charming smile.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 Dr. Ferguson is very thorough and meticulous surgeon which is exactly what I was looking for in an Ophthalmologists. The staff is wonderful and my LASIK outcome is 20/15!!! Thank you for changing my life. It was worth every penny and then some!! I would highly recommend Commonwealth Eye Surgery.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Dr. Dror Peled takes care of our three daughters and even after we moved away he is worth the hour  drive ! He is the best pediatrician we have ever met!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Great answer and fast reply. Thanks doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" I've been with Dr Furr's office since 2000 and I appreciate all of his staff.  They are very caring, understanding and considerate.  It is definitely worth my drive from Kannapolis to Salisbury.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Great doctor with friendly  demeanor.  Very understanding when listening to patient concerns.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 I got a straight  answer.Thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" I've had wonderful advice for, dr. Ali and his posts to other queries too have helped me understand my condition better. I highly recommend dr. Ali                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" On a scale of 1-10, Dr. Ryan is at least a 15. The children all love him to death, and he is easily the most compassionate and caring person I've ever met. In the northern Colorado area, even people who have no children know about Dr. Ryan.  His knowledge and reputation are outstanding, and he is truly a friend to his young patients.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Dr. Young is very knowledgeable and versatile, and she has a wonderful sense of humor. She's one of my favorites!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Dr. Nguyen is one of the finest not just Dr's, but human beings that I've ever met. I wouldn't have the beautiful family I do without him. I couldn't sing his praises enough! I'd recommend anyone to him, and I know he could handle it!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" Dr. Kiser is very knowledgeable and compassionate, and will ALWAYS take time if you need to visit with him about something or if you have questions. He's a genuinely caring person, and instills great confidence in me as a patient.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" During the time I was being treated for cancer by Dr. Stone, other doctors (including one in another city) complimented and praised him, when they found out he was my oncologist. He's very, very knowledgeable and personable, and I credit him with saving my life.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Dr. Witt is very, very knowledgeable, and always takes time to give understandable explanations. He's very appropriate with ""personal"" questions and conditions, and is just an all-around nice guy.  I've been seeing him for several years, and hope he chooses never to retire!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 His response was very quick and informative. It was exactly what a psychiatrist said who treated the patent. He also recommends therapy as well as anti anxiety/anti depressant medicine.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" I worked with him for more than 7 years.  He is thorough, well studied , knowledgeable and is concerned for his patients                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Dr Josephine Pressacco is an excellent doctor I appreciated her very much as patient. Jacques Oliva B?lair                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 I work with doctor and he is also my primary care physician. He is awesome at spending more than 20 minutes each patient and he really listens to you and understands you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 I work with this doctor and he is quite highly recommended in our area! He's fantastic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" this doctor is one of the best in his field despite the score. He is an excellent surgeon for acute conditions, and even better for a long term chronic conditions such as neuropathy diabetic ulcersand always tries to stay at the cutting edge of his f                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 Great doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Dr. Jones  and his whole practice are very caring and considerate   Been going for years and they've always been great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" I usually go with a woman, but when my nurse practitioner left the practice, I went with her recommendation--a gentle man, and have never looked back. He's a good guy all the way around!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 I've been a long time patient and he listens to everything you have to say without the typical god complex some Dr's go by where they feel they're right and you're wrong b/c you're the patient trying to critique his job                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 I recommend Dr Piedad to any and everyone. I wish the office would take CICP and CHP+ insurance that way I could still have him as my physician. That makes me upset because he knows my history and now he no longer can be my doctor. :-(                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Dr. Winslow is the most knowledgeable  and efficient Doctor I have ever been to.  Dr. Winslow has improved my health and it's actually a pleasure to visit him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" Dr.Rao answered quickly and was very informative,and professional..                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Great bedside manner, very knowledgeable, and professional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Dr Scheiner called me on Sunday to see how I was doing!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" I love Dr Im. He is great He takes time to listen and understand my problems & symptoms. Then he does everything possible to find the right solution or cure. He is very kind, caring & knowledgable. I would refer anyone to him!! He is the best!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 Dr. Nimoityn is a very knowledgeable and caring cardiologist. He is a good listener and thoroughly read my case file (from a previous cardiologist) before discussing options.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Excellent hand surgeon with a great bedside manner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" Dr. Levitt has always answered my questions quickly & thoroughly. He has put my mind at ease numerous times (without him knowing it - haha) I trust and appreciate his expertise and wish he was the Dr. looking over my tests, I believe I'd be cured by now. Thank you Dr Levitt!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 Takes a lot of time with patients and knows her stuff.  Referred by several nurses as being one of the best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Dr. Newton's simple prescriptions change life! He's really an expert at relieving pains. Kudos and thanks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr. Cunningham expresses an excellent manner toward her patients.  She takes time to answer all questions in layman terms so the patient is fully informed. She does not rush to judgemet in ordering test or medicine and fully discusses options with patient.  Inspires confidence with her caring attitude.  The most ispiring doctor, I have had the pleasure of using.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" She is one of the most caring and knowledgable doctors, I have used in many years.  She has exellent ""bedside"" manner in taking time to explain her findings and answering questions in a manner the lay person can understand. Thinks carefully about the types of medicine and test that will provide the most informaton.  Very impressed with this doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 i love this doctor! he's done pilonidal sinus removals on me twice! hes a great doctor! hes very nice and good humored also! i def recommend him for sure!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 ive been goin to him for like 4yrs now and he did my appendivesticostomy surgery on me he dont talk much as hes so busy and its kinda hard to get appts with him sometimes too but hes very knowledgeable i def recommend  this doc!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 i love this doc! hes very knowledgable! and very nice! i wouldnt want anyone else to do my tethered cord surgeries!! i def recommend you to see him!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Wonderful explanation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Good guy and easy to talk to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Best doctor I've been too   Really cares for his patients.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Dr. Pitts and his NP staff are the greatest!  I'd highly recommend any of them.  Very caring and considerate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Although Dr. Kellett works out of an urgent care facility, he is my Primary Care physician. I have found him to be a very knowledgeable and compassionate doctor. One thing I like is that he doesn't talk down to his patients; he will adjust to your level of understanding.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Very compassionate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
" She is an absolute qualified professional,  and  has a beautiful calming spirit.  Her staff is wonderful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" Love this doctor to bits :-) he is the best knowledgeable,calm, and always has a genuine smile on his face, and great bedside manner. He knows exactly what I feel pairwise and hits the spot with his advise and recommendations.The practice is great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" She is a knowledgeable doctor who makes sure you too understand what you are going through and the procedures which needs to be done or possible solutions very clearly. We conceived our baby, thanks to her... And we are planning second baby too.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" I first saw Dr. Nichols when I was 14. He's been the only gynecologist that I truly trust when it comes to my overall reproductive health. He's very knowledgeable, caring, compassionate and even has a wonderful sense of humor! One of the best GYN's in the Sussex County area, hands down.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Best surgeon in Jacksonville Fl. I am very thankful for this man he saved my foot. He is a very humble doctor and he is good at what he does. I was a little scared but he made me very comfortable and explained things so I understood exactly whats up.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Dr. Stein is an overall great doctor. He s very sensitive and gives great advice and treatment options. Everyone in the office is knowledgeable and friendly. I knew he was the doctor for me when he specialized in PCOS.  He has a very uplifting bulletin board outside his office entitled ""Stein's Angels"" , which is composed of pictures of babies he helped Mommies birth.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Most caring dr I have seen in a very long te I love her I would rend her to anyone that isooking for a real dr                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Great bedside manner, caring, dedicated to patients, I concider him the best of the best and would highly recomend him to anyone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 Dr Lowy is a knowledgeable and compassionate physician and makes every effort to assist patients above and beyond the call of duty.  I highly recommend her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Thank you for your help getting me successfully to high altitude in Peru. Have always struggled in the past at altitude but had a perfect time without headache or stomach illness while above 12,00 feet. Slept well, felt great, beautiful trip. Our tour coordinator reccomended we make the visit to see you first and it was the best decision of the whole expedition. Thanks for working us in.  Awesome                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Dr.Riganotti is my primary ID doctor and every time I have a visit with him I thank God that he is my physician. I came to him over 4 years ago with my T's @ 26 and I weighed 124lbs @ 6ft. We had  rough road, I'm now 210lbs & T's over 700 HE ROCKS!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 She is a very good doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" I've been seeing Dr. Kapoor for the past 8 years, and I wouldn't trust any other doctor for the maintenance of my Fibromyalgia. He is one of the most caring, compassionate and funny doctors that I have ever come across.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Great doctor! She has been my dr for 10+ years. Love her! Very Caring & Compassionate! My Favorite Doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Great doctor,very smart and did a great job on my laminectomy.I can walk thanks to her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Dr. Bey is someone whom, if I needed him for his services, I would not hesitate to recommend to someone who might need him. With grace and just the right touch of good humour (refreshing), wisdom, patience (no pun intended), and uncommon thoughtfulness in the limited time and space he has. Thank you, Sir. Montreal, Canada.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
" Dr. Casanas is a true rare find, he is compassionate, thorough, efficient, caring, diligent, fantastic. His staff are courteous, and always go above and beyond.  He was able to make me feel like I should at 40 and confirm its not in my head as well as improve my quality of life within 3 weeks.  I have never felt better!  He practices functional medicine. Pharma and Nutra Ceuticals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Simply the best.  Brillant, and highly sought after for his surgical skills, diagnostic  talents, and caring manner.  A true guardian angel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 Listens to the patient and is willing to take time to discuss health issues.  Doesn't overreact or over treat                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 I went to Dr. Khorsandi for a consultation for a revision rhinoplasty. I wasn't happy with my first surgery. It took me a while to find someone who could fix the scar tissue that had built up and my terrible breathing problem.  I had to use breathe right stips for years.  Dr. K diagnosed me with a collapsed inner valve.  He used my cartilage to fix the breathing issue and gave me a beautiful nose.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" I highly recommend my cardiologist , to anyone that is dealing with heart issues of any kind. He is the best at what he does !                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Patient in adjusting meds.  Listens well.  Makes good suggestions for coping skills.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Doctor Morrison is such a dedicated doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" Dr. Friedlander's answers are some of my favorite on HealthTap. They are always informative, understanding, and unbiased. I very much enjoy reading his latest answers in my feed every day. Thanks Dr. Friedlander!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Dr. Matos-Cruz' answer to my question regarding my father's lung cancer very clearly and succinctly.  He responded when other doctors would not answer, and he was right on with what I should expect.  I'm impressed!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Dr. Bailey is the best! He always gives each patient the full amount of time and attention they require. He is extremely thorough, knowledgeable, and caring. We continue to travel  an hour each way to see him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" I went to Dr. Grossman to fix a botched job from a dentist that had been hurting and he found that the decay was not completely taken out before the dentist actually filled it. He fixed me up in no time and it was painless. He not only works with ease and quality, but he has great bedside manner and I highly recommend him to my family and friends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
" I HIGHLY recommend Dr. John W. Walker!    I had breast augmentation 11 days ago by him and I feel/look great! I knew I wanted him to be my surgeon since the very first day I met him. He is a great person that truly cares about your needs. He is upfront, patient and very sincere. He has changed my life and recommend him to anyone wanting to get any procedure done, as he truly is, a talented man!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 I have been seeing Dr. Malloy for over 20yrs and have always been VERY pleased. There's no long waiting period when you arrive for an appointment. He allows you to ask questions during and after your exam and he has the capability to explain clinical terms and procedures in a way that a lay person can understand. I recommend him highly and hope he never retires. His staff is also very professional                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 I suffered a fall. The Radiologists here said that my films were normal yet I was in severe pain.  I sent my films to Dr. Saponaro who found several fractures that they missed! I was able to get proper treatment.  Thanks Dr. Saponaro!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" I have referred many friends with ACL injuries and shoulder injuries to Dr Ruotolo, they have all done wonderfully.  He is an excellent surgeon and has a great bedside manner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Great  physician! I refer many of my clients to Dr Faustino's practice due to the quick turn-around and high level of professionalism.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Dr. Fox is simply the best dermatologist out there.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Just the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr. Fox is an amazing dermatologist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Dr. Fox is a superb cosmetic dermatologist. I highly recommend him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 He is a very good cosmetic dermatologist. I have done Ulthera with him and the results are great. I love it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Dr. Fox is a caring dermatologist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
" Dr. Fox has been my dermatologist for many years. He is the best, i would not even consider to go any where else.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" This doctor is caring, patient and knowledgeable and is willing to work with your concerns. -1 year+ patient                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 he is the best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 The best doctor in Washington                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Great pain doctor in seattle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 I am constantly amazed by Dr. Maes' depth and breadth of knowledge. I can only imagine that her patients are the best cared for in her area. God Bless you Dr. Maes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Highly caring and knowledgeable physician.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Excellent physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 I would definately recommend this dr. I went to her because I am pregnant and from the first appointment she made me feel comfortable and not scared. I have another appointment coming up in 3 weeks before so far I would recommend her.and her staff.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Very compassionated and knowledgeable ..Highly recommend                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Dr. Rosenthal is an artist and experienced Plastic Surgeon who takes his time and produces natural results.  He is well respected by both his peers and his patients adore him.  R                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
" One of the most caring docs I've talked to.  He emailed me personally with more details for a question I had.  Thanks, Dr. Scott!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 My mother had Dr. Shirazi when she had breast cancer. He was very good and caring. The staff at that time was also great.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I enjoy conversing with Dr Kuhnley as he is thorough and informative with his advice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Offers excellent advice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Always thorough and practical in recommendations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Absolutely love Dr . Contreras! He has been heaven sent for my 19 year old son with melanoma.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Awesome doctor. Personable and knowledgeable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" I really don't know what to say... Dr Sommer is my neurologist and I refuse to change doctors. I have multiple sclerosis which is pretty serious, to me anyway... and I basically I guess you could say put my life in his hands.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
 I would recommend Dr. Donald Alves for his prompt response to my medical issue. Thank you for your medical advise and valuable time to answer my question. Greatly appreciated! Thanks again!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" If you have MS and you need a caring and knowledgeable doctor please give Dr Willis a try, I'm sure you will stay with him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 A very caring and concerned doctor when it comes to his patients my children have been seeing him since 2009 i would not trust a better peds doctor than Dr Evans                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Very good bedside manners                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Dr. Henri was my primary care physician for 5 years. She is the best physician I have ever known.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Dr. Farinella has been a trusted friend and adviser since our two boys were infants.  I was a very over protective father and wanted to call her for everything. Over the years she had calmed my nerves and educated my wife and I on the health needs of our two boys who are 16 and 18 now.  our oldest wants to become a Doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 She actually listened to us about the problems we were having with our son. No one had ever taken that much time to listen before.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 A wonderful and knowledgeable doctor who always puts you first. Incredibly compassionate and kind. I highly recommend her                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Because of his quick response I was able to get my son to an ER on Easter in a timely matter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 I like Dr. Abram.  I've seen him and so has my wife.  We have a lot of confidence in his knowledge and skills.  Sometimes a little late but no worse than many other docs I've seen over the years.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" He's a great doctor, he answers all of my questions. When I had a procedure done to me he explain everything that was going to happen to me & what I would experience to the exact detail. He listens to me & tells me what he suggest is best. I couldn't ask for a better doctor than him!!!! Great doctor & staff!!!!              Sabrina Barron                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 Never change the way your office runs!  Never change anything!  I've looked for a doctor like you for over 20 years!!!  Thank you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 I came to Dr. Walker to fix a ruptured implant (capsular contraction). I was very emotional and he calmed me down with all the knowledge and kindness he had to offer. I would go back to him in a hear beat and would definitely recommend him! He is helping me in the recovery and has never made me feel like I was a burden with all my questions. He made this experience a whole lot easier!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Dr. Jean is very professional and an amazingly skilled plastic surgeon. I work in an ER with many plastic surgeons and I chose to go to him.  He has great bedside manner with adults and pediatrics and I would reccommend him to my friends and family.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 he really helped to be alive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 To anyone in Solano County who wants a wonderful doctor Matthew Tracy Johnson is the doctor to have.  I love him as a doctor and would never change to any other.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Slow down.  Put in fewer hours. Reward staff members for perfect attendance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 I would recommend Dr. Rachoy to anyone who has foot and ankle problems.  He has been a great doctor for me for the last 5 years.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" Dr. Chua is  very caring and knowledgeable. She does not make me feel rushed, and will take time to answer any questions that I may have. Very confidient that she will handle my treatment with the best plan for my needs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Knowledgeable, caring and amazing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" One of the very few doctors I've met that actually cares for the person, not just the $$$... A true gem with heart of gold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 extremely happy with quick response and advice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 I recommend him for anyone that needs a GREAT doctor in the Brooklyn area of Maryland.  I am 60 now and have been seeing him since I was 16.  I can call his cell any tine day or night 365 days a year if I need medical help. I don't know another doctor that gives his patients their cell number.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 This Doctor is an Internal Medicine doctor with a large geriatric clients base in addition to pediatrics.  Highly urge you to consider him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" In an emergency situation Dr Laura came through, you don't find service like that very often these days. A+ recommendation! Rob S - Long Island NY                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" On more than one occasion I have been to Dr. Laura Cozzarelli, she has always been knowledgable, professional and courteous. I highly recommend her. Doreen D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 She is an excellent surgeon with nice bedside manner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Very caring, knowledgeable, honest.  I recommended her to colleagues at work.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
" Awesome doctor!  Cares tremendously for her pt's, listens attentively, an all around amazing person & dr!  Downside- long wait times but be assured she will spend as much time with you as the other patients and WILL help you!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
" I have had Dr. Reeves as my internist for 17 years now.  He has taken great care of me, and I'm a high-maintenance woman!  I'm pretty sure he saved my life a few years back when I had pancreatitus.  He is very quiet, caring and super knowledgeable about a whole LOT of issues.  He has attended me through cancer and other concerns, and has always been supportive and helpful.  I'm picky too!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Since 1998, it?s been an honor, privilege, and pleasure to experience the compassionate, empathetic, exclusive, and individualized care Dr. Garrigos renders to all his patients. In addition, he empowers his patients? knowledge base of preventive, proactive measures to maintain a healthy and active lifestyle.Furthermore, every patient receives a copy of ?Summary of Plan? discussed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Dr. Tiriveedhi is one of the most caring and understanding doctors that I've had.  During my battle with hepatitis C she provided constant support, high quality care and encouragement! It is thanks to her that I started treatment at all as I was very afraid but she was there every step of the way and thanks to her I am now free from hepatitis C and I will forever be grateful to her!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 Dr Powers has a wonderful bedside manner and takes wonderful care of his patients.  He calmed my concerns and fears.  He is a skilled surgeon I woul recommend him to anyone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Hand Surgeon Prodigy in RGV Validated by his surgical expertise and the superb results from my several surgeries performed by Dr. Rodriguez, it is my opinion he is a prodigy and a virtual ?Michael Angelo? pertaining to the reconstruction of upper extremities.  He is truly blessed with a God-given talent and renders excellent bedside manners to all his patients. Lucila Leal, School Psychologist                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "
 Wonderful doctor and skilled surgeon.  He has a wonderful spence of humor I would recommend him to all.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
"  Dr. Meislin is one of the best doctors I have ever been to. He is a highly skilled surgeon who truly cares about his patients. If you live in NYC or somewhere nearby and need knee, shoulder or elbow surgery this is the orthopedic surgeon to see.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" I had a hysterectomy three weeks ago due to large fibroids. Dr. Harris used the Da Vinci Robotic method of surgery. I was in the hospital 1 night and only needed pain medication one time. My recovery reflects a good surgeon. My 2 week check up went great. Dr. Harris is very knowledgeable yet easy to talk to. I highly recommend him to all women in need of a good, caring Doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Took a lot of care and made me feel comfortable with my situation. Explains in detail and answers all questions to remove any ambiguity which is well appreciated in an unwarranted medical situation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" How doctors used to be.  Gigi spends time with her patients and unlike other doctors, isn't always looking at her watch. She treats the whole person.  She tries to save you money whenever possible.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Very calm & caring. All the staff who work with him would choose him if they needed an orthopedic specialist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Could not ask for a more conscientious and caring doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr. Attias is the best Pain Management doctor I have ever seen. I've been to others and believe me, he is so far and above the best there is. His compassion and knowledge have been a life saver for me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" Dr. Pamela Ermine is dedicated, knowledgeable, caring, calm and good humored!   I recommend her highly.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Dr. Ermine is caring, knowledgeable, dedicated and good humored.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" very thorough doctor, i believe she saved my life and found something that no one ever imagined.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 Dr Patterson helped me with my exercise asthma symptoms. He was caring and patient.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
" Dr. Ramani has been my PCP for the past 6 years and I would not go to any other doctor. Being raised by 2 physicians back home, I know exactly  how a doctor should treat you and I can say with 100% certitude that Dr. Ramani goes well above and beyond ones expectations. Also his staff and the team of doctors that work at his clinic treat you exemplary. Highly recommended! Cosmin M. - New York                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Dr. Ramani has been my PCP for the past 6 years and I would not go to any other doctor. Being raised by 2 physicians back home, I know exactly how a doctor should treat you and I can say with 100% certitude that Dr. Ramani goes well above and beyond ones expectations. Also his staff and the team of doctors that work at his clinic treat you exemplary. Highly recommended! A satisfied patient.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Dr. Fernando M. Lopez Ivern has been my family doctor for more that 8 years. HE has helped me and my family take timely ction to helath issues and have managed all of them with direct and effective results. He is a caring person with a great humor and he reflects a great human being.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr. Pousti is a great surgeon, and very honest. I flew in from Japan for surgery, and his staff were able to accommodate all my last minute needs. I was able to make all arrangements over the phone, and keep in contact via email. This was my third procedure and surgeon, so from experience I can say he is on another higher level.  Unlike other surgeons, he will deliver the surgical goals discussed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Dr. Wolgel is one of the best doctors I have ever been to. He is dedicated and very good at what he does. You can tell he really cares about helping you and trying to get to the bottom of your health issues. If you are looking for an urologist, this is the one you want to see.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Dr. Kozielec is an exceedingly dedicated doctor.  He has a warm and caring personality and is quite patient in explaining things and answering questions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr. Squatrito is the best doctor I have ever been to in my life. No drugs, injections, surgery. His osteopathic skills have given me so much pain relief. Anyone with an injury or a chronic pain, needs to have an appointment with this gifted physician. I promise you this. You will leave with a smile, and feeling at least 50-100% better. I was going once a week, and now I just go once a month.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" This is one of the smartest doctors on the planet.  Has diagnosed at least 3 people that I know who had a history of several months (& numerous tests) of symptoms with no diagnosis until he was called in.  He gave a quick and accurate diagnosis.  In my case it was Wegener's Granulomatosis, a hard-to-diagnose condition.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Such a smart, friendly and talented surgeon. They always have the newest technology and treatments available and make sure that patients understand their diagnosis and options available for treatment. The doctor and his staff really go out of their way to make you feel comfortable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 Dr. James Shoemaker reacts with a sense of urgency . Straight forward. Extremely Knowledgable. I only wish I could see him but he does not accept  my insurance. Great Dr!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 I appreciate Dr. Forseth because she is always there to talk to you. If she is not quite sure about something she finds out.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Excellant Cardiologist with cutting edge knowledge Seems overworked at times Long patients but has kept my hus band alive for 23 years Caes abo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Dr Ronald Jamerson of Schererville  In is a kind caring ENT He has a wonderful bedside maner and take plenty of time to explain things  actually aHeactually listen to your ]concerns and answer your questions He also talks about his family and asks about yoursHe has bween my ENT for over 20 years and I highy recommend him He is wonderfu wih children                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" WOW ,he is just perfect .Just what this world needs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Dr Ronald  Jamerson  locaated in Schererville In is a kind ,caring professional man He really cares about his paients and takse the time to answer your questions and actually listens to your questions and concerns He also shares a l about his familyandd asks about yours He is wonderful with children   I highly ecommend him                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 Dr. Rojas instills confidence in her patients and their families. She is well respected by her peers who do not hesitate to recommend her when a top notch surgeon is needed. Regardless of the hour she shines through.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Found dr.shafizadeh very professional yet caring. Has great knowledge base regarding newest treatment options as well. Recommend him highly for prostate matters.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" My husband and I love dr. Shafizadeh! He has been with us through every step of my husband' s cancer diagnosis and treatment, discussing all treatment options and their pros and cons. We really felt like he was a partner in this. A year post-surgery and everything is thankfully going well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
" Dr.shafizadeh is a great, skilled surgeon. After yers of suffering from my bladder condition and several failed surgeries, I went to see dr. Shafizadeh. I am beyond happy with my results. I am most impressed by his skills and ethics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 I worked with Dr Holland while serving with her in the USAF.   I not only worked with her but she also took care of my children.  She is one of the best as far as I am concerned and I recommend her highly.  She is an amazing person and physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 I worked with Dr Misko while serving in the USAF.  He is a very compassionate and highly intelligent person.  He is a physician for all the right reasons.  He truly does care and it shows.  I would recommend him highly to anyone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Dr. Gonzalez is a pioneer in medicine. She is brilliantly knowledgeable and focuses on preventative care, finding the cause/cure rather than treating symptoms. I love this doctor! It's been 10 years and won't change her for anything in the world.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 When your doctor is the best; it's hard to deal with the rest!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Excellent doctor!! Caring, lots of knowledge and very very good!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 I Recommend Dr. James P. Tierney                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
" This is a doctor who listens to the Patient, is calm and does not over prescribe medications. He saved my life. I recommend him to anyone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
" Dr. Howard Weldon has a very wonderful bedside manner, he is known for his dedication and compassion. I highly recommend Dr. Weldon for general surgery.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 I recommend Dr.  Jessica L. Murphy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Dr. Jessica Murphy  I would recommend                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" In this difficult specialty, he and his staff radiate calm, confidence and encouragement. We found him to be excellent in all respects, beyond competent and would recommend him to loved ones.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" You will never meet a more caring and dedicated doctor! I absolutely love him and his nurse, Joyce!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Dr. Lohner, Is a great and caring Plastic surgeon. He can resolve mistakes that other PS have made when your breast implants have complications.   I would highly recommend him. He is a extremely dedicated doctor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" My 92 y.o. mother has been going to Dr. Kolli in Hemet for many years. She has had dozens of doctors throughout her long life, but none as caring as Dr. Kolli. My two brothers and I feel that she is in the best possible care and guidance with him. I highly recommend Dr. Kolli.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
" Simply terrific! Great hours, staff, availability. What more can you ask for? Excellent fund of knowledge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 Put my mind At ease. Very comforting and kind                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Very kind and helpful. Reassured me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Very kind and helpful                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Very friendly and reassuring                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Great doctor!  He saw my father for Parkinson disease.  Very understanding, very knowledgable!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Amazing pain specialist.  Has worked with me to get my spinal pain under control.  Very caring and understand.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Erin is an amazing diagnostician and relentless in the hunt for what is wrong.  She alone was able to diagnose me after many specialists failed.  She redefines excellence!  She is the most patient and supportive doctor you could ever hope to have.  And her wealth of information is immense and resourcefulness is endless.  She is the best doctor I have ever had and will stay with her until I die.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 One of the better doctors in Washington.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Thanks!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Great doctor. He is very knowledgeable and cares about his patients. Would highly recommend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Dr. Warren is a truly dedicated doctor.  Always attentive to his patients needs.  He is always studying and learning all he can to help improve the quality of his service.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" He has been my doctor for 11 years and I would not change from him for the world. Doctor Laks has always been there and takes the time to care. He is what a doctor should be. Knowledgeable, compassionate, and really listens to what you have to tell him, he is someone you can trust without a hesitation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Doctor Silverman  is wonderful. I have sarcoidosis and he was the one who turned my decline around and I now see hope for a future of being well. He is carring and  I trust him. If I did not find him and stayed on the path I was on I would not be here today.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 An excellent doctor that gets straight to the point. She has been my doctor for years and I Highly recommend her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Great doctor. Shows concern for you and cares about how you feel. So friendly and personnel. Just love her                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 I recommend Dr. Willaim H. Stephan for his support of being a caring person.  He is kind and supportive to people who need him.  He shows over and over how important being  a good doctor is to him.  He really cares about your health.  He reads your body and symptoms well.  He will stay with the problem until it is clear to him what the need is to be treated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" A lot of help, thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 He has been my physician for 30 plus years. He is caring. Professional doctor. i trust him with my life. if you are looking for a great doctor? Make an appt. he is wonderful.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Had shoulder surgery done.  Surgery went very well and I would highly recommend Dr Delorenzi, he does great work.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Dr. Curtis is an extremely  knowledgeable, compassionate , caring physician.  She listens carefully and will work to find a solution to the health issue. She is an outstanding physician.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 thank you!
 great help                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 thanks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 great provider
 the best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Very quick to answer, and would refer him to any person in need                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 very helpful                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Fantastic answers and so helpful with all my questions... Wish he could be my doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 great pain physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 great pain physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Talks with you, so you understand what is going on and helps you so you can get the best treatment through understanding your own situation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Extremely caring and knowledgeable. Fun and witty. He makes you feel safe and comfortable. I absolutely recommend!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 good                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" Great doctor!  If you have a retinal problem, he is the one to see!  He is very experienced, knowledgeable and kind.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "
 I  have high respect for this doctor. His demeanor made it easy for me to deal with a hard diagnosis. He helped me through it and even cried with me at hospital when I was dealing with pain.In the END  I came OUT with a Great outcome!  He is a caring and compassionate person.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Dr. Morrissey is a dedicated doctor to help breast cancer patients feel good about their decision to do reconstruction. He works with you and wants you to have the best physically looking appearance.  I would recommend him ..I look great!! 
 Thanks a lot DR. ROBERT K. KILLIAN. Your quick advise is really appreciable.  One more question. My penis is un-circumcised i.e.  skin wont get back when it is erected. I am tensed about my future sex life. Will there be any problem to have sex with  un-circumcised penis.? Is it normal. Is it necessary to get medical treatment for this? Please advise.. Thanks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Very rare to find a doctor that thinks situations through, explains, makes helpful suggestions and answers questions.  He is one of the brightest MDs I have been to and his inquisitive and caring nature shows in how he attends to his patients.  Other MDs missed, ignored or dismissed my concerns - I highly recommend seeing him for any concerns that may be hinted at or found by looking in the eye.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Thanks a  lot doc for ur valuable info. Regards.Dr.Sunil from Bangalore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Dr. Ruiz has given me nothing but kind and knowledgeable care for over six years. He always makes time for solutions to even my minor concerns.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" Dr. Josh is the best at what he does. I highly recommend him for all your Nephrology and Dialysis needs, He's also an expert with hypertension issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Love Dr.Hamilton, she is not only someone I can tell anything to but has been there for my son since day 1and continues to take care of him no matter the day or time,. You dont see that often here!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 I highly recommend this gentle caring person                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 She is a Dr. You can feel comfortable talking to and is very knowledgeable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 If you need a good doctor that listens to you and is very knowledgeable and caring then Dr. George A. Ford 111 is the doctor for you.  He will work with you to resolve any issue of health.  He is also very truthful.  He's my doctor and I wouldn't change.  Thanks Dr. Ford for great care.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" If you are looking for a doctor who is up to date on different methods of healing, traditional as well as alternative, this is the doctor I would highly recommend.  He takes the time to listen and will treat the whole person, not just a particular complaint.  He and his team are the most caring heath professionals I have known.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" THE most knowledgeable doctor I have ever met. Kind, caring, concerned and direct. He will take the time to listen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Very caring, takes the time to learn your ailment and will find the best suited remedy for health.  Does all this with the best of humour.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   "
 Dr. Is always caring and provides latest for her patients.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Amy is an amazing doctor, person, and friend. She will go above and beyond to get to the bottom of anything that is bothering you. She allows you to feel that YOU are important  and really takes the time to listen to your needs. The last few years of my life have been very tough but Amy always did what she couls to help me. Melissa Huston                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
 Yes!!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Dr. Liberis is a skilled diagnostician and surgeon who gives personal care and attention to his patients. For me he went beyond what was expected during my hospitalization and aftercare and took time to listen and advise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" I lived with back pain for over a year. Twenty visits to a Chiropractor didn't help. I feel blessed to have found Dr. Bethea. She takes time to listen, and is so caring and very knowledgeable. She stopped my pain! And when i contacted her website to make an appointment for a different pain, she contacted me herself and called in a Rx to relieve pain until I could see her. Dr. Bethea is the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Dr. Cool treats his patients with the utmost compassion, respect, and care that they have come to expect from him.  He has a wonderful reputation for having an excellent bedside manor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Best endocrinologist I've ever had! Very goodat what she does and a very sweet person .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Thanks for your quick response!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 The first doctor to consider my WHOLE case. THank YOU! I wish you were from ohio- you seem to REALLY understand POTS and its related disorders!!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Great doctor; good sense of humor and very experienced in thyroidectomy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 I highly recommend Dr Malkani because he cares about his patients. He will call you personally if there are any issues you need to talk to him about. He treats you like a person and really cares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 I've been a Patient of Dr Zouzoulas for over 1/2 a year now and am impressed with her willingness to discuss my disease and take the time to answer all of my concerns.  No feeling of being rushed out the door.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" An absolutely caring, highly knowledgable, extremely competentmdoctor you actualy  makes you feel you as if you are his only patient.  Never does he rush you thru an appointment and is always  willing to listen to you and your concerns.  He is the best of the very best."
" Knowledgeable, professional doctor that realizes you are a person and not a number.  Fantastic bedside manner that leaves you feeling comfortable, important, and heard.  Dr. Morgan is a rare blend of kindness, professionalism, genuine concern, and support.  Fantastic doctor for all ages and health situations.  Dr. Morgan is a wonderful physician and person.  I highly recommend his practice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
" Dr. Soong is a wonderful physician, specializing in bariatric surgery.  A life saver, wonderful physician, and great person.  Would recommend Dr. Soong to anyone needing assistance with weight loss.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Dr. Ticman has been in charge of my  care for the last 9 years, and specializes in adult medicine.  He is caring, throough and knowledgable.  In general, a wonderful physician.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Dr. Soong is a great doctor, excellent surgeon, patient, encouraging and through.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Husband managed to get very rare, potentially fatal, kidney disease called Wegener's Granulomatosis.  Dr. Agha has guided us through his treatment for the past 8 months, patiently explaining the options for treatment (there aren't many), and has managed to get the ""beast back in the box"" i.e., into remission.  Since there is no cure for WG, it looks like he'll be seeing us for quite some time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 I have gone to Dr. Neal for over twenty year. He is very gentle and  committed to your health. He is very easy to talk with and ask questions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr. Deol has helped me with my struggle with weight loss. He gave me the encouragement and took time to explain the  nutritional supplements that helped me to lose weight and most important keep off! Thank you Dr. Deol Your the Best!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Thank you for helping me though this Dr Mambalam                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 He's the best doc for my three daughters!  We love him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Great Doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Or family drives an hour to see Dr. C because we trust her completely.  She is always very patient & thorough, and keeps very current with new ideas in medicine.  She is also never afraid to say ""I'm not sure"" when we ask about something, & will take the time to find an answer for us.  It's amazing to find a doctor that is humble enough to admit that she doesn't always know the answer right away!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Dr. Ham is a very understanding and talented young doctor. I highly recommend him to everyone!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" Dr Anna Lerner Angeles is an outstanding, caring and very comprehensive doctor. Her office staff is wonderful and her office is beautiful. I highly recommend her to anyone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Dr. Brodsky confirmed my condition after several Doctors said it could not be ruled out but was improbable.  He did say ""I think you have...."" but gave sensible justification.  I feel vindicated!  Thank you, Dr. Brodsky, Pamela W.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Dr. Ham is a very skilled surgeon and physician. Very knowledgeable, would definitely recommend him to anyone!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
" Great doctor. I went in not knowing what to expect from the visit, and left with a diagnosis and treatment! Very satisfied with this podiatrist!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Best doctor I've ever had. Great personality, very caring and understanding.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" In addition to being a consummate professional, Dr. Pollard has the ability to make patients feel at ease, comfortable and confident in moving ahead with both her surgical and cosmetic recommendations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Dr. Ham is an outstanding physician - I highly recommend him!  Wouldn't let anyone else take care of my eyes....                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 One of the best Doctor's I have seen in a long time would recommend to anyone who wants to see a great Doctor see being the Key word. :0)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Great Doctor. Very knowledgeable and cares about his patients. Would highly recommend                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
" Dr. Mambalam, you saved my life, thank you so much!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" Highly recommend, My family and I appreciate Dr Ham 's  prompt  and Knowledgeable  answers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 The best pain physician in Seattle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 a doctor that really cares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Dr. Mambalam is by far the best doctor that I have ever seen, he gets results!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 This Dentist has worked on me about four times and I find his work to be excellent. His skills are extremely gentle and keeps you advised of everything he is doing and constantly asks if you are comfortable. Would recommend him over ever other dentist I have been to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
" The flight down from Alaska was well worth the trip to get my spinal cord stimulator implanted by Dr. Mambalam, you are a life saver!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 Best docotr on this side of the Mississippi.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Thank you for everything Dr. M                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr Almquist has the best bedside manner.  She is extremely personable and attentive and was able to resolve my medical issue with a simple blood test and medication.  I am so thankful to have found her!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Dr Accardi has seen me and my family many times at the Encinitas ER. He is professional, caring, thorough, and funny. Dr Accardi has always been able to calm my daughter and fix us up! We wish he had a family practice! Thanks, Dr Accardi!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" Sorry, my kids hit the recommend button before mommy was done:) Anyways, two days after my major surgery Dr.Pousti came to my house to check on me.  I was already so impressed by him and his office staff and then, for him to make a house call this day in age, it just blew me away. He truly cares about his patients and I feel so lucky to be one of them!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
" If you are searching for a companionate, professional, honest not to mention double board certified plastic surgeon, search NO longer! Dr. Pousti is an amazing person and surgeon. Along with his amazing staff they also make you feel like you are there number one priority. I had a mommy makeover 11 months ago and and could not be happier with my new body! Dr. Pousti even make a house call two days                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 Dr. Inlow is one of the best Podiatrist in Monterey and Salinas. He is well trained and very knowledgable. Great bedside manner and takes time to listen. He has a great EMR system that allows patients to get results online and send him messages.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Great Doc!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 excellent doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Nicest doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Dr. Mambalam is the first pain management doctor that actually listend to me and we made a plan of care that i was comfortable with.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Great doc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Dr. Mmabalam is the best in Edmonds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Good logical answer that I would never have got in the UK. Thank you for taking the time to answer my question.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Simply put  Dr E  in my opinion is the only Dr to go to if you have a neurodevelopment issue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Kepp up the good work Dr. M!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 he was very quick to get back with me                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Simply the best Doctor anywhere. Period.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
" I have had scoliosis since a child.  The pain got progressively worse after having two different back surgeries I was told about Doctor Poelstra.  It was explained to me he would see patients that no other doctor would see or touch.  On March 11, 2013 Dr. Poelstra did surgery and the night of surgery I could tell it was a success. NO MORE PAIN!  Thank you, Deborah Adams-Cochran, Crestview, FL                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
" Dr. Samaras, is a great family doctor!!!!!!!!!! My husband and I both see him, I love how he treats his patients like family and never beats around the bush! I am not a fan of going to the doctor but I look forward to seeing Dr. Samaras, because I know that I am going to get the best medical opinion and the treatment I deserve.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Really nice doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 By far the best pain doctor in Edmonds!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" I happened to mention to a co-worker that I wasn't very unhappy with the dentist I was using and she recommend Dr. Nack & his staff. WOW, they are AMAZING! From the first day I met Dr. Nack I was immediately comfortable with him. He sets your mind at ease, explains everything in simple to understand terms and takes the time to answer any questions you may have. His goal is to make sure your oral h                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 Thank you for helping me                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Great help from your answers!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 really good experience                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Thank you for the answers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Dr. Mambalam took the time to listen to me and we made a plan together and that really made me feel at ease. thank you so much!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Great Zdoctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Really good pain doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Keep up the good work!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" I highly recommend Dr. Thom.  His response was accurate.  My role as a 24/7 caregiver for a parent leaves me no time for personal activity. Not having diabetes or cardiovascular issues can mean that my testosterone level is low.  Wish he could be my urologist, locally in my city.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Dr. Nemiro is our family hero! He always has time (and sometimes at very odd hours) to answer a question and he is an absolute professional at what he does. We have been working with Dr. Jay and team for years and would recommend them to anyone considering treatment at his office. His staff is top-notch and always there to help. Thank you ACFS!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Dr. Friesen has been my primary care doctor for a couple of years now. He and his staff have always been professional, courteous and caring for all his patience. From my very first medical visit through my most recent. They take the time to talk, listen and inform you of any questions or concerns you may ask or feel. They truly want to bring you to your best and healthiest potential, not just phys                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
 I have known Dr. Friesen for over 13 years. He is an excellent physician and a trusted friend. He is a caring person that gives  his patients with the utmost respect a d dignity!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 I Love Dr. Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 You are the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Very smart doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 You are the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
" I've lived in Las Vegas for the past 40 years and have seen many doctors.  For the past 10 years, I have been seeing Dr. Bonuel for my medical needs.  It's nice to have a doctor who you can talk to and who will tell you what you need to do, not what you want to hear.  His offices have always been punctual and respectful of my time too...not only the doctor's.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Thank you Dr. Hong!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Thank you !                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Keep up the great work Dr. Mambalam                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 She is very freindly very people oreinted great personality.I have had nothing but good experiences with her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 I have question regarding oral antibiotics for acne what you experience with trimethoprim sulphamethaxzole for inflammatory acne as my doctor prescribe to me and what about if we compare it with doxacycline and minocycline?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" one of the best neurosurgeons in washington state, so glad that dr. hong referred me to him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
" The best pain doctor in everett by far, thank you for everything Dr. M!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
" Doc Himmelstein is a wonderful Cardiologist, is very knowledgeable but he seems to have way too many patients on his hands so he's very busy but I love him and he's always been kind to me and lets me speak and he listens. He is a little lack on his follow up but has a great bedside manner and is a very nice person.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 I have seen Doc Lyons several times and I really like him and he has worked with me on several things and tried to help me as much as possible. He has always been kind to me and not taken the easy way out. He's always answered my questioned and never made me feel like he was in a rush.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Very good diagnostision                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
" He's quick to respond with great informative answer's that make good, clear sense.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           "
 From my heart i thank you. I believe your diagnoses to be correct.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Dr. Machanic answered my question quickly and set my mind to rest regarding my current health issue. I am an American living in the UK with limited sources to go to for my concerns. I appreciated his kind attention so much.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
" Thank you for not scaring me, I'm the one that asked about the blank spot in my periph. vision after throwing up w/ stomach flu. I only notice this small, diamond-like spot when I'm looking at our wallpaper, which has lines going up and down. When I look straight ahead, it appears a bit to the left, then disappears. Symptoms seem to be improving with time. Thnx again 4 not getting me into a panic.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             "
" Very insightful, easy-to-understand and caring, Dr. Bordini has a great wealth of knowledge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
" Great doctor, very personable and extremely thorough in his preparation BEFORE he sees you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Dr. Hackney is a very good doctor. He is known for his personality which always makes me smile. Dr. Hackney is very caring and will make you feel comfortable at every visit. Dr. Hackney delivered my last baby by c section /tubal lig. I love his staff                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 There is not a better Doctor.  Awesome!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Dr. Nguyen knows - Thank you and yes I am seeing a specialist and will seek a 2nd opinion. Huges thanks for being there                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Dr Sumant is caring and makes you feel that she is totally committed to you and your problems each time you see her.  She follows up with emails and even calls at times.  She has been my Kaiser Dr for about 5 yrs now and I adore her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" In the scary aftermath of a diagnosis of cancer, Dr. Mehta gives you hope that you can be cured.  He takes the time to explain the treatment and side effects clearly, he doesn't rush you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "
 Thank you for everything                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Great Doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" There needs to be more doctors like Dr. M, it doesn't get any better than this!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
 You are the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Dr. Mambalam you are a life saver.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
" Thanks Dr Hong, you really have made a difference in my life :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              "
" Thanks, Dr. M!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "
 Dr. Mambalam helped me recude my medications which really helped my quality of life. He is the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Really nice physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 I love Both Dr Hong and Dr Mamabalam.. they are the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I love Dr. Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 You are the best Dr. Mambalam!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Terrific Doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Thnk you Dr. Hong!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Thank you!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Awesome Doctor! Defiantly recommend!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
" I am so happy that I found Dr. Mambalam, he is the best thing that has happened to me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "
" Thank you for taking the extra time to listen to me Dr. Mambalam, it means a lot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            "
" Glad that Dr Hong didnt just throw pain medications at me like some of the other doctors, he truely cared about finding my pain and putting together a plan to help me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "
 Thank you for saving my life!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Great doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Great new office                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Thanks!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 you are the best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 I got great relief after being seen by dr mambalam. he is such a good doctor. I cant say enough about him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Thanks Dr. Hong.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Pure Class                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 This man was fantastic delivering my first child! He kept me calm and talked me through everything. I didn't have any complications during my delivery whatsoever and was in tears because he could not deliver my second.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Well, l am a 57 year female awaiting authorization for Dr Gray to preform back surgery.  He is very confident In all questions I have ask, as far as explaining them to me in a way I can understand. This diffently has given me peace. He has had no holds barred as far as helping me to know,  surgery and recovery won't be a walk in the park and I love his truthfulness. Dr Gray has a very good sense of humor that I need to help me remember hes on my side. His staff  are very intentive to my needs and they always return my calls. My husband and I both feel very blessed that we where redirected his way by a spectacular case manager by the name of Shelly-she I also someone in the medical field that doesn't drop the ball, but keeps things moving foward in the right direction "
" My husband George and I see Dr Lambe for all our health care including our mountain climbs. She takes care of so many families here in the Valley all the way to Seattle and is beloved by all. Very wise, calm, funny, and willing to always go the extra mile. A climber herself, all are blessed to know her. Sue N                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "
 Dr. Strabbing is one of the most caring and passionate physicians I've ever encountered.  Our community is fortunate to have a physician of his caliber accessible to us.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
" Dr. Strabbing is one of the most sincere, caring, and passionate physicians I have ever encountered.  Our community is fortunate to have a physician of his caliber accessible to us.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "
 You are the best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Very Nice Dr. Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 The Best doctor in Washington                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Great physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Thanks!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Fantastic doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Thank you for getting me off all of the mediciation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 I really liked the staff                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Thank you Dr. Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Dr Hong really cares about my health and it shows.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 He sut up a great treament plan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Thank you                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 The relief was great                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Great patient experience                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Awesome Physician                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Thank yo so much for your help with my pain!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Thanks!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 The only doctor I will let near me with a needle.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Dr Hong is really good                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Great relief                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 The best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Thank you for giving me hope!!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Thank you Dr. Hong.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Great experience                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Nice Doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Excellent doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Dr. Hyung Hong is the best pain management specialist in the Seattle area.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Very personable doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Great Doctor!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Very professional doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Awesome Pain Doc!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Best of Western Washington                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
" Best doctor, hands down, for taking care of you and literally being there for you 24/7. He (and his staff) are truly dedicated to making you feel like you are their main priority.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
 Dr. Mambalam is the only doctor that I would let treat my mother. He definitely put us at ease in our doctor search.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Thank you for the advice                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Thnak you for all that you have done for me dr Mambalam                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Wonderful caring and very knowledgeable Doctor !! We love him!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" I was referred to Doctor Schiano,and I believe there couldn't have been a better choice. He took great care,and respect in my condition. I had a huge tumor,and needed to have a total hysterectomy. I Love when a Doctor remembers who you are,and  takes the time to care for each patient's, individual needs. I also enjoyed meeting his residents. They have the best teacher,that's for sure.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          "
" He's the only pain doctor who actually treated me like a human being in severe pain. I've been seeing him for about 2-3 years now, and I look forward to my treatments there! Everyone treat me so nice, and no one has ""labelled"" me as a ""drug seeker"". If you and/or anyone else you might know is needlessly suffering from chronic pain and DESPERATLY GIVE DR. ARASH BIDGOLI D.O.  "
 recommendation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr Hong is very smart and knowledgeable                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 The Best Pain Management doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 The only doctor in bellevue that i trust                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Real caring doctor in edmonds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 a doc that cares about his patients actually getting better.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 A great person and doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 WCPM has really great doctors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Great staff and team                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Great doctors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Thanks  Dr. Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 You are the best!!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Thanks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 She has a fantastic memory and is a mind reader                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Veryy Nice work                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Love this guy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Great doc                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I recommend Dr. M                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 I recommend Dr Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Dr M is the best                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Very Knowledgeabe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Nice and caring                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Great Work Dr. Hong!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 A real person as well as a great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Reall good                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Really good doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Dr Hong is  very nice Doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 The Best Doctor in Edmonds!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Dr. Mambalam is a true professional.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 I wish we could clone Dr Mambalam and have him further south.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
" Dr. Friedlander has consistently given me sound and sensible medical advice up to and including a helpful book referral. He answers my questions quickly and competently. His presence on HealthTap is greatly valued and appreciated by me (and I am sure, many others).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 Dr. Ferguson has demonstrated an equitable and unbiased attitude while assisting people on the HealthTap website. He very unpretentious and down-to-earth. I really appreciated his taking the time to assist me with my question.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Dr. Collins is an exceptionally knowledgeable and compassionate physician. She has quickly and  consistently answered most of my HealthTap questions and communicated her responses with clarity and warmth. She is amazingl.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 He is the best pain management provider in Renton                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Great Guy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 I would Reccommend Dr Mambalam                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Dr Hong really cares about helping decrese my pain.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 The Best pain Medicine doctor in Bellevue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Very Sincere Doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Great Pain Management Doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Best Pain doctor in seattle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 The best around                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Love that Dr Hong actually cares about you as a person                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Thank you Dr. M!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 One of the best doctors in the state of washington                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 The only place I would go to for pain management                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 great provider                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
" I wish he still worked down south, come back Dr Mambalam.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    "
 I agree with all the previous comments about Dr. Hong. He is really good.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Dr Mambalam is a doctor that you can really relate to. He genuinely cares                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Dr Hong really went above my expecations with my recent visit to his office.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Thanks!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Superb Physician!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 The Best doc in Everett                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Very Friendly!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Really happy that Dr. Mambalam spent the extra time to clearly explain things that I didnt understand to me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Dr Hong is by far the best doctor that I have ever seen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 He is a really great doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Dr. Hong is the best!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Dr mambalam is a really caring doctor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Amazing gave me quality of life back!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
" Smart, caring, great bedside                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 "
 Thank you for your quick reply and ur knowledge ... :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Hi I recommend DR Astrachan. He never fobbed me off. He seemed to understand the problem. This being one area of his expertees. For me to ask it is worrying me. So Thankyou Dr AStrachan for you speedy answer. I am a RMN and a Manager of a nursing home. Take care Jilly                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Dr. O'Regan is a wonderful physician! He respects his patients and truly listens to what you have to say. He understands the challenges of real life and their role in effective treatment all while being a confident decision maker.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Dr Johnson is a person that is dedicated to her craft and her patients. She will make sure you have everything you need to make you feel better.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             