"Haven't taken ativan in three days, am i ok to drink some beer?"
"Now i cant stop. it's sooo hard to quit, and i have had trouble with alcohol abuse in the past. how do i stop?"
Drug and alcohol abuse counselor?
How long until death of cirrhosis?
Will this drunk get a liver disease because he drinks all day and night?
Am i at risk of death for my eating disorder?
The most successful treatment program for alcohol abuse and drug abuse?
Struggling with thoughts about my dad's death?
Swisse liver detox pills and alcohol?
Am i developing schizophrenia?
Will i develop schizophrenia?
Bipolar patient (mania?
"My gamma gt is 413 and i am not drink alcohol but i am diabetic type one ,my?"
Having trouble understanding answers to question below.?
Gullbladder & liver question?
Which pills are the best with no going to doctor?
Do i have borderline personality disorder?
How should i know if i'm bipolar?
Alcoholic or alcohol abuse?
What so bad about drugs?
I mean illegal drugs. why do adults tell you to stay away from them?
Shaky hands all day. what is it?
Hi i have a question about my health?
Please tell me! am i an alcoholic?
Change in alcohol consumption = anxiety?
Anxiety triggered by weed?
"Could this comment be indicative of an alcohol addiction or, at the very least, a person who likes to party?"
How can uk doctors help with alcohol problems?
I mean come on!!! if its recognized as an incurable disease shouldn't half of america be on permanent disability?
"Whats wrong with me, am i a psycho ?"
"Weed and opiate addiction, please read!?"
I am tired of feeling like no one loves me?
Prescribed sleep aid?
Alcoholic father - please help!!!!?
I self harm and it's getting worse?
Do you think lindsay lohen has any kind of disorder?
"If you do, what disorder do you think and why?"
Long-lasting depression?
Is he a compulsive liar?
I'm sabotaging my life on purpose!?
Help me please and thank you..?
"To cut back a fair amount but will the 5 months of extremely heavy alcohol consumption have done any long term effects on my liver, ect?"
What is causing my back pain?
Why do i have an itching feeling around my heart?
Does my dad have a drinking problem?
His voice. i am just after information on how bad this amount of alcohol consumption is and how we could possibly help or talk to him?
How much alcohol does it take to kill a 13 year old?
Well me and my friends are wanting to drink but i have to get drug tested the next day and my question?
Should i take day off of drinking alcohol?
Does anyone know what this means?
On these results! could they be linked to the alcohol consumption or insufficient physics activity?
Report on liver ultrasound: what does this mean?
If it does! why and what are some foods that help prevent depression but don't hurt your thyroid and be specific?
Have i developed an allergy to alcohol consumption?
My friend said that when he ejaculate sperms it will comes very fastly what is the problem?
I keep puking after drinking water?
Caffeine and alcohol?
I keep getting dizziness and sickness?
It is happening every few hours. i feel really sick. why is this?
Digestive problems getting worse?
I always feel tired & cloudy!?
What does it all mean. report says one thing doctor tells me something else?
It was ast 95 alt 72 am i ok?
Factor vii (7) liver deficiency and drinking alcohol?
Pain in my upper left side at the bottom of my ribs?
I am 17 i have pe within 2s my semen comer should i shake daily to solve pe will it help me to lastlong?
"I know that its not good to drink at all when you have the hep c virus, but i was wondering when you do, what are the reactions your body may feel?"
I also have raised liver enzymes of 350 (normal 1 -50) and unexplained diabetes. any ideas of what could be going on?
"My mom is 48 yrs old,she had pain in her right side of abdomen,usg of whole abdomen done in which liver is enl?"
"I know basic stuff, but what causes breast cancer in particular?"
What is wrong with my dad ?
"My problem is sex,it is verry small time. have an eny solv this problem?"
Liver damage and mononucleosis?
Whta does the average frenchman drink daily?
Can anyone tell me the easiest and faster way to loose belly fat?
Body by vi skakes & alcohol?
Ultrasound question on male patient?
Esr and liver blood test high?
I am 17 suffering from pe?
"Liver problems, 21 yr old jaundice undiagnosed!?"
High neutrophils (80) low lymphocytes (13.7) high sed rate (27) high c-reactive protein (1.5)?
My vagina is something wrong?
A lot of fat in my liver?
"Vaccine, need answers!?"
I have a sex question?
Question about cutting?
Reasons to go to a proannorexic website?
How do i keep going in life?
"Arguement was how can you judge weed when you smoke cigarettes, drink alcohol, drink tap/botteled water, or use toothpaste thats not homemade?"
Drinking helped me lose and maintain weight loss?
How to lose 30 pounds by august 15th?
Should i not drink alcohol at all?
Does my weight-loss plans seem good?
How far in is my dad with alcoholism?
Did this give me a concussion?
I need help passing a drug test?
What can i do to pass my drug test besides buying something from the store?
Do i have chicken pox?
Please answer (flu jabs) !!?
Health about alcohol and i dont know anything about alchohol?
Which one of the following statements is false?
Freaking out - total cholesterol test came back at 294?
I am really worried and don't know what to do?
Alcoholi liver damage?
"So but how do i,(if it's possible), to reverse the effects of heavy alcohol intake on my liver?"
Am i in danger or safe?
I know i drink too much wine but it's the only time when i actually feel happy and stress-free?
Why do we hiccup and why ?
Could i possibly have hypotension?
Osteoporosis information?
Tingling in both feet?
Beer and losing weight?
Diagnosis this blood report?
Over and over before i could absorb liquid?
What is the best thing to do for my mental wellbeing?
How do you get a 9000 hospital bill?
Why dont hospital bills say why you were there?
Like if you go in for alcohol poisoning it wont say that?
I have a couple questions about alchol poisoning?
The signs of it and how long do they last?
Asleep. will she be okay?
Why is binge drinking such a big part of university life?
"Can't fall asleep i've tried, and is this alcohol poisoning?"
Like what does drinking it do?
Did i need an iv and drug test?
No puke and same thing this morning. what is wrong with me?
Help i don't know whats wrong with me?
Suicide by binge drinking?
My head is swollen is it serious?
This could be serious! help?
"Be drunk, oh and i am 5'7 and 140 if that helps. could you get alcohol poisoning from drinking that much?"
Amnesia while drinking?
What are effects of drinking alcohol/cigrate/hookah ?
Relation of alcohol and flu symptoms?
Could i have alcohol poisoning?
Mild alcohol poisoning?
Mixed emotions about life and graduating?
Did i almost get alcohol poisoning?
Questions on vomiting?
Would i get alcohol poisening?
Unusual alcohol problem?
Alcohol made me sick?
My friend said something hurtful to me after i confided in him about my eating disorder?
My 15 yr old brother cries and overthinks alot?
I self harmed and feel really stupid?
Does anyone else ever feel this way?
Insomniacs what do you do?
I think i may have depression.. what else could i have?
I don't know what i'm askin'. i just need to talk about myself. or maybe..why am i like this?
"People from suicide, help them get through drug addictions, alcohol problems. and..don't make me feel bad, okay?"
I feel my life is over please help?
Do i have liver and or kidney damage?
If your girlfriend commits suicide then doesnt that mean you dont matter to her or she doesnt care about you?
Paranoid and axoiety?
Valium with 2 mikes hard lemonade?
Help for a dad with for kids scared out of my mind?
Different reasons that can cause a blackout.?
We want to know that the extra neutral alcohol is used in the manufacturing of medicine ?
Are these things normal for a recovering alcoholic?
I've heard that they are called oral skin tags but i want to make sure?
How to pop a blister?
Do i have ocd about people asking me about smoking?
I have psychological ed?
"Cocaine, alcohol, or unprotected sex?"
"To use a plastic cap at the end of his pipe, or should i target the unprotected sex and alcohol use?"
"A total drop in energy, what could it be?"
Chances of surviving through aids?
Drinking after surgery?
Total cholesterol too low?
Ive smoked weed a few times?
Wellbutrin and alcohol?
Is my cut infected i'm really scared!!!!!?
Do i have the bipolar disorder?
I think i might be psychotic.?
"Uneasy, and irritable. bq: why is it so hard to sleep when you get alcohol withdrawals?"
Am i going through alcohol withdrawal?
Haven't also i want to know is being really paranoid a sign of alcohol withdrawal?
Is this alcohol withdrawal?
Is it true that er rooms stock vodka?
Alcohol withdrawal or side effect to antibiotics?
I am at a low point in my life what my doctor says?
I am tapering off of alcoholwill someone please answer a few questions?
Been drinking. could i be going through alcohol withdrawal?
Unprotected sex or too much alcohol?
Just a slower brain. could this be because of unprotected sex or just from alcohol withdrawal or something of the sort?
Librium after every binge?
"Question is, how bad is what i'm doing?"
Melatonin nightmares?
Why does this happen?
"Me feel weird. like i look like i'm having alcohol withdrawals or i need a beer or something, is this normal?"
Ihavea type of itch all over my body?
I just figured out my aunt smokes weed?
Am i going to die or can i make it through this and die some later time?
How can you make an alcoholic see sense?
There a rayon for this?
How do i write a letter to my alcoholic mom?
Is this common for an alcoholic to recover the way i describe below?
Am i an alcoholic based on these criteria?
About how long does an alcoholic in stage 4 of alcoholism have before he dies?
How long does my uncle have to live?
Has any alcoholic ever died because his esophagus detached?
What is the difference between a friend and a sponsor?
Why does it seem women will count calories on everything except for alcohol?
How much alcohol is safe to drink on the medicines i take?
Is it inappropriate for my dads care taker to have a friend relationship with my dads abusive son?
How to remove a memory of something?
The left side of my ribcage hurts like a kidney or something?
I am overweight and an alcoholic kidneys maybe?
How do i live a life with no friends and when the quality is severely lacking?
How do i talk to my friend about something personal?
How do i convince my friend to get gastric bypass?
Not be relevant- -i drink too much. am i a functioning alcoholic or just someone who has too much of a fondness for booze?
How come men cannot tell women anything about pms or menopause?
How do i clean my teeth?
How do i show this boy i care?
Is it effective very much when an addict is given a warning of a threat of alienation?
How can i become a different person (don't lecture me on religion)?
Why do i feel like a terrible person?
So i go get more bottles of wine. am i an alcoholic?
What is this lump on the side of his face?
Things are taking a downward direction but is it a big deal or not?
Who's responsible for not getting help with major depression when i was a child?
Not getting me the help i needed?
What is wrong with my aunt and uncle?
Does this make me an alcoholic?
"My life is such a mess, i'm depressed and my home is messy?"
How can i show him he can trust me?
What do you think is wrong with me and how can i improve?
Is there something wrong with me if i hate every single alcohol?
What could be causing my sore gums?
"I'd like to know what it could be in the meantime. he's a long time alcoholic, and i'm wondering if that has something to do with this?"
I tried to walk in front of a bus today?
How can i find a mentor?
"Made a fool of myself, told my problems to everyone?"
"Anymore this time, i'm going off it. i'm not an alcoholic, but i do drink alone, what would you do if you were in my situation?"
Who's responsibility was it to get treatment for major depression when i was a child?
It to get me the help i needed?
"Had been masturbating since 13 years old,but erection still occurs until now.is the condition still ok?"
Getting over the past and effects that past left on me?
A woman is less likely to get breast cancer if?
Would it be okay to do this to a friend?
Please help with question about my dad being a alcoholic?
Am i an alcoholic or not?
Has anyone had experience using ignatia amara?
Is my dads girlfriend a alcoholic?
Is my friend an alcoholic?
That in order to feel normal youll need to keep doing it much like an alcoholic has to keep drinking for the same reason?
"In your opinion, do you think i should go on medication?"
Need help figuring out possible mental disorders?
Could this be the start of self-harm?
"My dad, and..the other?"
If anyone could take just 5 minutes out their lives to read this it would mean the world to me?
"Just out of curiosity. and also, how long does he have in stage 4?"
Why do i feel this way after drinking?
Can i help my alcoholic mother?
Anyone that knows something about alcohol please help?
How can i stop drinking?
"Mother been sectioned under the mental health act, had a ct scan now worried?"
Help me understand what goes on in a recovering alcoholic/drug addicts mind?
How do i know if i got a drinki' problem?
Do you think that i am alcoholic?
Some problems.and i drink more often now?
Want to die but i take care of my grandma please help me!?
Does these symptoms sound like anything in particular?
Am i a delusional crazy selfish *****?
What psychological disorder is this?
I need help diagnosing my best friend?
Need help for my alcoholic boyfriend?
Am i going to become an alcoholic?
"This out, but do you think i'm on the road to becoming an alcoholic?"
My mum doesn't think about the future so i'm forced to?
"I am a wreck, my boyfriend is an abusive alcoholic.?"
"Is my mom schizophrenic, or just bipolar ?"
Is it right to tell a fat girl not to wear tight clothes?
How to sing well as a cigarette smokers?
Can i have a list of all the health problems caused by obesity?
My ex propositioned me to spend one more night together i feel low?
Does she have a psychological disorder?
What's wrong with my mental health?
"If not, what can cause thyroid hormones to be slightly elevated?"
Why is my girlfriend eating a lot and why does her vag. taste bitter sweet?
Incidence of alcoholic liver cirrhosis in india?
Before i ditch another good guy?
"How to get stronger,thinner,taller in a month.?"
Would it be okay to leave my friends house?
Why is my mom giving me her medicine?
What is wrong with me..serious answers only. i just need some insight?
Weight loss plan for 15 year old south indian vegetarian teenager?
Alcohol after wisdom teeth removal and stitches?
Anyone has experienced the same?
Why do badly behaved kids always have excuses for behaviour such as abusive backgrounds?
I am a recovering alcoholic?
How to get rid of a drunk person that lives with you?
My mom lied to my therapist - should i tell her the truth?
I have a problem with my lipid profile since the 1st time i make labs 3 years ago?
 year old single mom sad and confused?
Is that how it works or not?
I can't find a way to feel good about myself?
Why was i so violent as a child?
;s also been loosing weight and on top of that he is a alcoholic. is he dying?
How much high fructose corn syrup is going into the bodies of children as we speak?
What should i do in this situation?
What is a sponsor is aa/ al-anon?
Hello want to ask about my body and health?
"I really need help, how do i talk to someone about it?"
What is wrong with my teeth?
 pts. my boyfriend has major issues?
"Does my ex boyfriend need help, how do i tell him i'm worried about him?"
Got a grill for my mouth and i have some questions?
"I feel like there's no way out, how do i fix this problem?"
"Does it sound like i have asperger syndrome, please answer?"
What mental disorder does my baby's father have?
"Abdominal pain, nausea, and inability eat much?"
Do you think my mom is doing drugs?
Serious mental problems i really need help ?
Do he call as alcoholic ?
He take drinks 2 times / week. can he call as alcoholic ?
How much alcohol can i drink?
I seem to never feel emotions - sympathy/empathy?
Question for medical professional about my bloodwork?
Should i take a chance on my alcoholic bf?
Abusive violent alcoholic father..please help?
"I dont know whats wrong with me, help please!?"
My mom's an alcoholic?
"Why am i so stupid, and everybody else is so smart?"
Serious question. what caused my major depression?
How to get a flat stomach?
My dad is a recluse and seems intent on ruining his life :(?
"I think i'm about to give my life up, please help?"
Will i ever get back to normal?
What should you write in a suicide note?
"Horrible memories. that person also had anorexia, panic disorder, alcoholic dad)?"
How to burn fat in 2 months?
Ive been feeling empty and i don't know why?
Is this bi-polar disorder or possibly something else?
"Can't drink while on it, will i still want to?"
Thought anarchy and suicidal tendencies?
"Mental illness, personality disorder, or just mean?"
"Scared for my dad, could it be cancer?"
I think my best friend is an alcoholic?
Boyfriend says we need to have a talk in person?
Is this person an alcoholic?
Why the hell do i have depression?
Grandchildren of alcoholics?
Complicating family problems- need help from good mind thinkers. please read?
Too much on my plate please help?
Should i be alarmed or my doctor don't seem to care?
Step 3 in alcoholics anonymous?
"In a god and im lucky too, but how do i help other addicts or alcoholics who have a problem with their higher power?"
I think i've abused drugs and possibly ruined my brain?
Am i wrong to walk out?
Is my mom feeling sorry for herself?
I am abused what do i do?
"I seriously think my dad is mentally ill, hes stalking my mom and has a drinking problem?"
Some canadian resources?
"I want to walk down the road for exercise but i'm afraid people will drive by, see me, judge me and talk?"
Why do i cry so much?
Do i have a mental health problem?
Have i injured myself drinking alcohol?
Does this sound like narcissistic personality disorder?
Do i have a drinking problem?
Help i need advice: how to cope?
Do you think it's disrespectful that my friend did this?
I can quit drinking once this thought cames into my mind . thats enough go on vaccations?
But i am not able to quit for more than 90 days .am i consider myself as a alcoholic?
Am i an alcoholic ir just bored?
Why do i always feel uneasy?
"I met a stranger couple and had sex with the girl, they say that they're clean.?"
I'm sick of the mental torment?
I'm loosing the will to live?
Can i get a flat at 16?
Would my psychologist call cps or tell my dad if i told them about this?
"With pink mild atrophy, again, is there a link?"
Could this be why i'm such a light sleeper?
Do you think i am allergic to alcohol?
Can type this fine right?
I just don't know what to do anymore?
I have a two part question on online alcohol rehab?
 how does that happen?
Could i have a male yeast infection?
"I heard that the first time you take it, you go numb, dizzy, you vomit, have diarrhea, etc. so why do people still use it after their first time?"
Whats wrong with my friend. is she mentally ill?
How to suicide without pain?
Does anyone else have problems working in customer service?
Alcohol-related stomach ache?
I will never be happy with my life.. need help!?
Who knows how to thoroughly follow the path ?
As laid out in the book alcoholics anonymous ?
I want to cut but i dont know?
Am i leading to depression?
Am i over reacting about everything?
I dont want to be first nations :(?
"My mom is offering me her medicine, please help?"
Being exposed to spray paint for two long?
I think i might have depression/be depressed?
Mental hospital for depression/anxiety and suicide attempts (reposting)?
Im depressed and feeling hopeless?
I don't know what is going on?
Please please read this where can i take my drunk mom?
Insomnia and drinking?
Please help me with this easy question!?
Is hurting this much okay?
"Help, plagued by strange illness?"
I am suffering from erectile dysfunction.?
Should i go to my doctor?
Could i have asperger's?
Was i misdiagnosed w/ bi-polar?
Why i cant control my anger?
Up.. my anger is a mental sickness or it is due to alcoholic drinks ?
"Please, please, do i have thyroid cancer?"
Urgent.. drank bleach product?
So stupid how can you drink bleach?
In uk how much do you get for donating blood?
"So i know that know one can just magically figure this out, but do you think i'm on the road to becoming an alcoholic?"
"Why haven't our teeth ""evolved""?"
Does my diet need to change! please answer?
Heart/anxiety/ejection fraction questions?
Bad breath. please help?
Many yeast cells in stool?
Liver panel reading of 234?
"I need help, please. i've fell way to behind in school, and i'm feeling depressed all the time.?"
Help with drug abuse?
Depression has shattered our 16 yr relationship?
Why do i keep thinking like this?
Am i dependent on alcohol ?
Will drink is always a constant concern in the back of my mind ?
"Paint, huffing and withdraw symtoms?"
I tried hardly a bump of cocaine?
"Im in depression , please hellpp me ?"
Please help drunk mom?
Boyfriend huffing lighter fluid. help?
I'm really worried about my friend's health?
Ago before i removed myself from all of the sickness of alcoholism. is it usual for this to happen?
How do you get something off of your chest?
How to get my brother to exercise with me?
Do i have a serious mental problem that needs attention?
'ill' with my back pain and mental illness. so why do people say alcoholism is a bad thing?
How can i ensure my friend is alright?
I really need someone to talk to but i keep stalling when i try to talk to my friend. please help?
 i have lost my mom due to this illness. does alcoholism destroy families?
Young fat guy needs help losing man boobs and big belly?
Is there something medically wrong with me?
Worried sick about my missing girlfriend?
I am 15 and i drink and smoke to deal with problems?
Has anyone in your family suffered from depression or alcoholism?
From it with the aunt still an active alcoholic. so do i have alcoholism even though it is not active alcoholism right now?
About alcoholism at a young age?
Would this be considered a drinking problem?
Depression and alcoholism?
Introduction about alcoholism?
Why is my life so rubbish?
Im only planing on havig 2' or 3 drinks?
"I'm feeling disrespected by my friend, please help?"
"I can't stay strong anymore, please help me?"
"My fiance is in detox, i can't stop, help?"
Because.i don't know?
Am i addicted to alcohol?
Could i have been sexually abused?
I need advice im 24 and have no sex drive?
This is a serious question. i am using y?
Issues with self harm. please help?
I've been depressed for my whole life?
Lsd therapy essay help?
Is my husband a sociopath?
Because he thinks i will flip out because i still have trust issue from his alcoholism. anyways.does this sound like he may be a sociopath?
Genetics and depression?
Did i have a relapse?
Help with weightloss?
I like myself better drunk?
How to get into rehab?
Alcoholism problems. only serious answers please ?
Is it strange not wanting help?
I have a poll about hangovers and alcoholism?
"Question for males that have been sexually abused as children, maybe you can relate?"
Am i addicted to alcoholism?
Is alcoholism a disease?
Blowing your nose and brain aneurysm?
"Toe sometimes goes completely straight, doesn't bend, alot of pain?"
Control power alcoholism?
All i want to do is sleep?
Ive ruined my body and my life?
My face is very chubby(no exaggeration)?
Am i an alcoholicaholic?
Libido in recovering alcoholic males?
Do i have a gluten sensitivity?
I think i might have odd?
Sleep walking/peeing after drinking alcohol?
Was this a panic attack ?
Someone please help me stop!?
Drug testing at meps!?
Help my dad is suicidal.?
"Hi, i have a bad case of gynecomastia. im 16 and in very good physical condition.?"
Can't handle having pcos?
What creams or product to buy?
Hpv and normal pap smear?
Question about hpv warts?
Hpv question i need answered!?
Drugs called renin inhibitors are used to treat hypertension. explain how they would have this effect.?
"Kidney funtion, na+ and k+ ?"
How to get over allergies please help it's really imporant!?
How to make myself feel better?
Only makes them a bit worse what do i do?
Why do i have so many allergies?
Break out in a rash. why am i cursed with all these alergies?
"I got something strange going on with my eyes, maybe you can help me?"
Make me have heart burn cuz of acid im 13 and is it an alergy?
What does it mean do i have alergies?
Why is my period so delayed?
How to get rid of alergys?
Well my allergys are bad and medicine is not working so what do i do!?
"Can i get a hiv, i am so scared?"
"Help, i overdosed on eye drops by mistake?"
Sick help please emergency?
What is causing my boyfriend's 3 year skin rash!?
Am i alergic to nuts?
Sudden allergy to cats?
Im 14 and have a migrane?
Said it was an allergy ( still don't know what kind of alergy is that?
Nose wont stop itiching?
"Really really sick, please help me?"
 points! why is my nose always stuffy?
Allergic to allergy medicine?
Do i have allergies im confused?
"Floaters,dry eye,headache,eye irritation?"
"Leg pain, very worried. ?"
Killer!! nurse! medical malpractice at it's finest!!!?
Leg pain. very worried.?
Alergy all over my body what to take?
"Sometimes i cant swallow, is it just anxiety?"
I can't wake up in the morning anymore?
Home remidies for alergies?
Am i allergic to alcohol?
Kitten/ cat alergys relief?
I have weird alergies ?
It gets ichy and dry near nipple area.. it happens to me usually.. i have started applying moisterizer on it.. but i feel scary is it breast cancer?
"Strange skin problems (hand,arm/pits)?"
I took my alesse pill 3 hours later than usual?
Is it safe to skip my period like this?
Is my birth control causing double vision?
Started my pills 8 days sgo. im taking alesse?
Implantation bleeding or period on birth control pill?
Ultra low dose birth control effective?
"Im new to the pill, when does the pill take effect after using bc. is it seven days?"
How do i switch back?
Period on last day of active pills?
I thought birth control was supposed to help.?
When should i expect my period?
Birth control alesse and nausea?
Sore breasts on birth control?
Will it still be as effective as a birth control?
"Please help, could i be pregnant and do i need plan b?"
Alesse made acne worst!!!?
When to start taking bc (alesse)?
Alesse birth control help?
Vomiting after taking birth control?
Please help i'm freaked out. do i need plan b?
Missed birth control specific question! please help?
Side effects of birth control pill?
Question about birth control pills?
Late period on birth control?
Weird discharge missed period ?
Antibiotics and birth control?
Question about birth control pill?
Urgent! missed a birth control pill?
My chances of getting pregnant high?
Sore throat no other symptoms?
M back to a normal temperature. what could this be?
No period on birth control?
"Alright, i need serious help.?"
Almost forgot my pill! help?
Ladies! help plz.. regarding birth control?
Question about period..?
Light period one-two weeks early?
The point where i can hardly open my mouth! so is it ok to take aleve for the swelling and not have it affect the hydrocodone?
Out with a sore throat and i'm taking an antibiotic as well as aleve. how long will it take me to get over this cold?
Do i have kidney stones and if so what can i take to help get rid of them?
My legs have been tight/sore for over two weeks?
", as well, did not help. is it safe to take another 375mg's of aleve?"
Severe pain in left arm for three days?
Another kidney stone or just back strain?
How do i handle this situation?
Muscles sore but i have tryouts plz help?
My husband had an allergic reaction to aleve. what other pain relievers contain similar chemicals?
"Dapoxetine , poxet-60 for premature ejaculation, on a plane to canada?"
"Its used for pe, or should i mix it in with a bottle of aleve cause they are little blue pills?"
Someone could steal it. i've heard that taking several aleve pills at once would work. is this true?
Literally nothing i do will relieve my back pain?
I think i got a poisonous spider bite if i wait till tommorrow to get it seen will i die?
Do i have bursitis in my shoulder?
How to stop braces pain?
Does this sound like a seizure?
Can i take more aleve?
Stomach cramps after taking aleve?
"And stretch. i need something to numb pain (i have already tried advil, aleve and ibuprofen). help?"
Your muscle build up after a work out. would the same happen while taking aleve?
Should i go the the doc for my poison ivy?
What could be the diagnosis of my low back pain and hip?
How many aleve do i take?
What is the best pain reliever for?
One side of my head feels numb?
I've been getting really bad headaches for the past 3 weeks. i also have anxiety problems?
Should i avoid taking aleve?
Possible aleve overdose?
Fever and i feel like there's saliva stuck in my throat?
"Left side of mouth hurts, feels sharp?"
Arthritic flareup my hand wrist andfingers look like sausages?
Severe pain in jaw teeth and ear?
I have 3 ulcers on my tongue?
Headaches for a week straight?
What else can i use for my neck?
How to get rid of severe pain?
Does this sound like i had a seizure?
Am i having an allergic reaction?
Extremely painful hamstring injury?
"I broke my tailbone.. i need a doctor, nurse, or medic opinion! ):?"
Any idea what it might be?
Do deep cleanings hurt?
Why do i never get cramps when i ovulate?
What's wrong with my kidneys?
Would this mean i'm allergic to nsaids?
Birth control question?
"Medication for it, can i take birth control with that?"
What is this white stuff?
Back and neck problems?
"Help, remedies for tooth pain?"
What pain med should i take?
Pain in tooth filling 1 week after?
Im seeing weird squiggly lines in my field of vision?
Zit on face made chin numb?
I get horrible migraines?
Lost feeling in neck from earbuds?
Pain. please help! does tylenol/advil/aleve actually take care of this?
Terrible pain help me please?
Sciatica and early menstrual bleeding?
I have an injury that won't go away?
Concussion complication?
Headache or migraine?
Chest pains and pressure?
Pulled muscle or something else?
I have knee pain caused by hip so i am told is this right?
Headaches at night time?
Pain under my tongue?
Testicular cancer of epididymitis?
My period and my cramps <<<<<?
Hey!! help me please?
Hey im 14 and i live in kentucky. can i buy aleve liquid gells by myself or do i have to have an adult but it for me?
Naproxen and fluoexetine anti depressants?
Why does my back hurt so bad?
Headache that wont quit?
The following symptoms. please help?
Hand trauma bone or tendon?
Back hurts more when it rains?
My mom won't listen to me?
I'm literally throwing everything up?
"Please help, i'm really worried?"
The awful storm that we had or the pain?
Old shoulder injury back?
Go to the emergency room and get it checked out?
My side hurts when i breathe in sometimes?
Top of feet burning after running?
Jaw started hurting.?
Too. should i go see a proffesional or something. or just pop some aleve?
Why does it feel like i'm getting punched in the stomach?
So like almost everyday i feel like i'm getting punched right under my rib cage.is this good or bad?
How do i handle the pain?
I took a week extra of birth control pills?
Recovering from workout question?
"This may sound like a dumb quesiton, but am i going to die or have other serious issues as a result of that or should i be fine?"
 weeks and still a headache - how do i know it's not brain cancer?
Lump on my knee cap what is it?
Really hurt my knee this morning?
Can i give a dog aleve?
Wrist pain after bridges and handstands?
My mother is experiencing back pains?
All at once what will happen. i took them thinkin it would fix my chest pain but than realised they are similar things. why will happen?
Will 15 aleve kill me?
Is my back really hurt and is their any way to crack it?
Having pain in my left hip?
Emergency! i just took 3 pills 800mg of ibuprofen - what to do?
Why can't i turn my neck completely?
Why does this happen to me?
Pinched nerve in bak of knee?
Why does my mothers back hurt constantly?
Kratom for opiate withdrawals?
Lower back pain after period?
Sciatica pains getting worse?
Am i taking too much medication?
Period cramps but no period?
Doctors don't care about my severe headaches?
My menstrual cycle is too long?
Tooth pain. coming and going.?
Pain on the bottom of my foot.?
"Please help, i dont know what to do.?"
I cant stop sweating?
"My joints hurts, why?"
Soreness on/near right abdomen area?
Pulled lower back muscles // re-strengthening // weights?
Vaginally sore after sex?
I get really bad headaches?
I'm constantly getting headaches?
Elbow and hand nerve damage?
Serious but small headache!?
Tooth ache hellppp!!!?
Severe joint pain in wrists?
Help! i get stomach aches every morning?
Name of sympton i have?
Swimming caused weird eyesight!?
"Knee pain, serious or no?"
Having pain in the head?
Why hasn't my finger healed?
Did i sprain my hand?
My mom doesn't belive me!!! help!!?
Vision losing migraines?
Period question please help!?
Very mild concussion?
Left toe pain. help.?
Im am getting braces but i have a bad under bit and for me to come out with perfect teeth i would need jaw?
Do i need to go back into surgery?
Posture in high heels problem?
Throat and i was wondering if i could take penicillin with allegra ( antihistamine) or would it be better to take with (acetaminophen)?
What can i do to help my allergies?
All of sudden have allergies and not going away?
Does this require a visit to the urgent care?
) since the symptoms are greatly suppressed by allegra could this be an allergy or sinusities infection?
Maddening itchy sensation inside my arm?
Help do i need to go to urgent care for this?
"Anyone take singulair, allegra, veramyst and/or alrex for allergies?"
Should i keep taking the decongestants?
Mucus congestion in throat and chest?
Else seems to work. would it be ok to take another allegra 180mg 10 hours after first dose?
"Bone pain and abnormal blood results, advice please?"
"Dry, pruned, tonsils ?"
Allegra allergy expiration date?
Why have i been so bloated lately?
Allergies question about post nasal drip?
"Cause its irritated and swollen. i am also on allegra, qnaze and singulair. when will the prednizone start to work?"
Have had a bad cough/cold for the last week and today i got an itchy rash on my fingers then palms of my hands?
Nasal congestion and muffled hearing?
"Allergies only at home, even after extensive cleaning - help!?"
Why do i keep coughing?
What type of headache is this or is even a headache?
Anyone experience a head pressure problem?
That have any validity?
Help with my allergies outdoors?
"I have allergy problems , help?"
"Ok, here is this, i have had an allergy, for a while, my nose totally stopped up, for a long time.?"
"Allegra d, claritan d, zertec, all of those?"
Best allergy medicine?
I took 5 pills consecutively?
Pain and heavyness in left ear(help i am scared!)?
Do i have cold or allergies?
Do you think that i have mono?
Could i just have chronic allergies?
"Allergy medication ""wears out""?"
Azithromycin and feel worse?
And then start to feel better?
Allergy remedies and medicines?
Taking two allergy pills?
Help!!! my medicine made me gain so much weight!!?
Whats wrong with my ears?
Allergy med helpwhich one?
And i don't sneeze. which is better claritin d or allegra d ?
What do you think i might have?
Bacterial infection or dermatitis?
My symptoms sound like a bacterial infection or dermatitis?
"Allergy help, please help me?"
Good allergy medicine?
"Teen, lactating, and not pregnant?"
Problem with birth control?
Hasn't had this problem ever until she started taking allegra for her allergies. what's the problem?
Terrible facial swelling?
How long will these lumps last?
Why does my mom clear her throat (light coughing) every four minutes?
It drives me carazy!!!why does it bother me?
"I take it at work, so i can't just nap. is there any similar allergy pill i can take that won't make me sleepyand won't make my heart race?"
Allegra 24 hour relief?
This medicine says to take 1 pill a day. what kind of side effects would occur if a person took 3?
Does this sound like i have allergies?
"Sore throat, stuffed sinuses and plugged ears?"
Bumps on the palm of my hands?
Itchy rash in-between fingers and middle part of hand.?
Why is my body itchy?
"I feel reallly sick, please help?"
Pink spots on my neck are itchy & sting!?
A good relife for allergies?
Allergies please help?
Allergic reaction after hike?
Can this help my hives?
Is this seasonal allergies?
I have crazy allergies! please help!?
Getting immune to allergies?
Looming headache/sinus or allergy?
Please help: worst allergies.?
My nose is so stuffed why.?
My inner ear is so itchy!!?
Allergy sufferer!! lol reply!!(:?
Do i have a yeast infection?
Bed bugs bites or something else ?
Bed bug bites or something else ?
Females only. horrible periods?
Are these bed bug bites?
Are this bed-bug bites ?
She just had ber blood test done and the doctor said it is all normal. what is causing her weight loss?
I just tried to kill myself?
I feel so insecure all the time .?
My nose is so runny! it wont stop!?
Why are people allergic to me?
"Curiosity, i was wondering would if a person would get an allergic reaction from eating mouldly bread?"
"At it. this made me wonder, how long could it be if a delayed allergic reaction would happen to someone?"
Can a purebred dalmatian set off high allergic reactions towards people?
Even if they are not allergic to cats?
Could my dog be allergic to the preservatives in her kibble?
How do you know u are allergic to sandfly a?
Badly on my underarms . is it possible to be allergic to deodorant ?
Could i be having an allergic reaction to claritin?
It won't be clear by then! how long does an allergic reaction like this tend to last?
Okay so say i've took medicine my whole life. how likely is it to become allergic to something i have took my whole life?
 my mom says it had to do with i was allergic?
Will my dad have an allergic reaction to a cat?
Pet her or she gets her hair in everything. could i have become allergic or is it something else?
Do you think i am allergic to nickel everywhere?
I am very allergic to nickel that i cannot have my ears are the odds that i am also really allergic there?
How do i get a refund on a non-returnable skin cream that i found out i was allergic to?
And my trait becomes itchy and my lips tingle. is this an allergic reaction?
"After 2 times, but i was wondering what i could be allergic to in it?"
Started burning on impact. is it possible i'm allergic or is it just my body getting used to the switch?
Could i be having an allergic reaction to my spunal cord stimulator?
Have been taking benadryl with little relief. could i be allergic to the stimulator or could my body be rejecting it?
From my arms all the way up to my nose.is this an allergic reaction or an anxiety problem?
And that's a problem. anything i could do?
My friend is allergic to something in condoms?
She wants to no if there is any brand that is formulated for people with allergies?
Is my possible for my dog to be allergic to mud?
"And treated for fleas, so is it possible hes allergic to mud?"
Cruelty-free makeup brushes made of pony hair. will it cause an allergic reaction?
And i will also take him to a steak restaurant. but he is allergic to penicillin! what does this mean to me?
Am i allergic to all dogs or just my two pets?
"Want to be a veterinarian, but allergic to cats?"
"Im allergic to my antibiotic so the dentist told me to take it, will i get an infection(wisdom teeth)?"
My symptoms whenever i get high and they all add up to me being allergic from weed. is this possible?
Am i allergic to spicy things or am i just a wimp?
Of my mouth turn red. and i can't use mouthwash. is this because i'm allergic or because i'm a wuss?
Does anyone else get a itchy face?
Month now. it is hivey or rash or red or anything just itchy. am i allergic to the air or something?
Went down. is it ok to have sex whn i have an allergic reaction down there?
Is it possible that im allergic to grass?
To practice to my games. i go like mostly everyday of the week to practice and it's always the same. could i be allergic?
Am i allergic to something about blood tests?
Me and my fiance use the yours and mine by ky can i be allergic to that?
Seem ok when i smoke it. how is that possible?
Am i having an allergic reaction to amoxicillin ?
Why am i allergic to this particular dog?
", i've been inside for half an hour. am i allergic?"
Am i allergic to my school trousers?
Don't know why this is happening. could i be allergic to some material in the trousers?
Becoming allergic to ibuprofen after getting on the pill?
"Sore, itchy and a little swollen. is it possible to become allergic to it?"
"I don't think it's pollen, dust, or mold. what am i allergic to?"
"With a whole multitude of variables here, but what could i possibly be allergic to?"
For all. what kind of things can i eat since i'm allergic to the 3 most popular ingredients for things?
Am i having an allergic reaction to stirling silver earrings?
It's just the new piercings that are having problems. is this an allergic reaction or could there be another problem?
Why am i allergic to dairy in certain seasons?
My boyfriend is allergic to sweet things like candy he hassaliva or something!?
Will i lose my job due to an allergic reaction?
I've always wanted to work with pets but i'm allergic to them?
", it just started last month. am i all of a sudden allergic to them?"
Could i be allergic to tattoos since i have sensative skin?
Of drinking chamomile tea?
Am i allergic to honey do i need a epipen?
Am i allergic to my shampoo?
Because the conditioner was a little thin. did i not rinse well enough or am i allergic?
Could i be allergic to my dogs?
Allergic to a chain i purchased?
Am i experiencing an allergic reaction?
Am i allergic or something like that?
Am i allergic to pineapple or other acidic fruits?
How can we convince people to stop wearing perfume?
Hour to 2 hours. can some please help me?
What can i feed my toddler niece with food allergies?
How to lose weight in two weeks?
"The oil comes out. (i know, gross!) i heard if you're allergic to milk it can cause whiteheads. is that a possibility?"
What are the itchy little bumps on my face?
All. what should i do?
How long does an upper respiratory infections at?
Liquid or pills or powder should i take?
How do you kiss someone if you have a food allergy?
But i never tried pistachios before and what will happen if i am allergic?
Would you date a guy that has cats if you're allergic to them?
Need a really quick way to cure scabies?
Anything to do with it (probably not). we do the pull out method because i am allergic to latex. why is this happening?
Have my period i'll be wearing a pad (i'm allergic to tampons) is this safe?
Even though allergies activate the immune system why do they kill you ?
What to put on a gluten free food calender?
"Why is it that i'm allergic to cats & bunnies, but not dogs?"
How to hide medication in your things?
When to go to the hospital for a staph infection?
Scared of a allergic reaction to penicillin?
Have i become allergic/intolerant to chocolate?
", i'm able to eat other sweet things. have i become intolerant or allergic to chocolate?"
Could i be allergic to fruit?
"If america is healthier than in the 1970's, why do a lot of people seem to have much more cancer?"
"Rough. are there any side effects to cause this, or is it a simple allergic reaction?"
Questions about food allergies?
Is this an allergic reaction to clay?
"Them into a fist, it felt really tight. is this an allergic reaction or does this happen to first timers?"
"Some good, delicious healthy foods?"
Summer and my bites always swell up a lot. does this mean i'm allergic or does this just happen to everyone?
I'm not sure if drinking milk would cause some kind of allergic reaction or side affect. can someone help me out?
Can a dog suffer from allergies and make them swell in head and neck?
People say baking soda makes dermatitis better but it makes mine worse?
Back. so i stopped using it. (i was also allergic to the shampoo). but why is it doing this to me?
Have had it for 4 weeks?
Am i allergic to milk or not?
Hi i need a bit of advice because i don't know if i'm allergic to milk or not?
Why do i always have a stuffed up nose?
Could i be allergic to my dog?
Where would i need to go?
"Multiple times, to see if that was the problem what am i allergic to?"
Im having weird sideeffects from my prescription steroids?
I am allergic to adhesive but i have a cut on my wrist (accidentally cut it on a piece of wire) that needs a bandage over it. what can i use?
How long until i go blind?
Weight over christmas..any home remedies to help get rid of?
What happened to my legs at the construction site?
Anything. was there possibly something in the construction site that i was allergic to?
My friends daughter is alergic to the sun?
Why did i get a bad sinus headache after taking robitussin dm?
Am feeling very nauseous too. why did this happen?
Feel that my asthma is getting worse. i try different allergic pills but they don't seem to work. what should i do?
Could shrink if i don't drink milk since i'm allergic to it?
Milk and bread allergy only in one state?
Are my allergies so bad that it affects my running outside?
Crazy!! is this due to allergies?
Off of it if i should?
How do i look my teacher in the eye?
And the same thing happened. as far as i know i am not allergic to anythingbut could i be?
Condom for safe sex. is it necessary he needs lube?
Of shavers but all in vain. after shave lotions and anti allergic medicines even do not work. how could i solve this problem?
Is this a symptom of severe stress or anxiety?
Any way to get rid of this?
Rash looking thing on cheeks after using lice repellent shampoo?
Could this be and how can i get rid of it?
Like lately when i wear earring my ear itch and turn red. am i allergic to the earrings cause there cheap or?
So its important to open the windows sometimes how can i do that?
If i burn this amount of calories will i lose weight?
A day. i am a vegetarian also and eat a gluten free diet because i am allergic. if i keep this up will i lose weight?
Allergic reactions include runny nose and watery eyes. doctors can prescribe antihistamine drugs that can prev?
For quite some time. is it possible i am no longer allergic or should i still be careful when i wear jeans?
And it seems to have gone away. was this from the cold?
I have red bumps ( pimple looking) and red cheeks. what am i allergic too?
And they taste different but they are both potatoes so why am i allergic to white potatoes but not sweet potatoes?
Other then birthcontrol whats a cure for endometriosis?
Why have i been sneezing for almost a year?
"I am only itchy on my stomach, i really doubt it's an allergic reaction?"
Could i be allergic to condoms if?
"Looks terrible and itches very bad! i think i'm allergic to it, what can i do it get it to start healing up?"
My face is burning after using aloe soap?
"Large amount of enamel paint on skin, do i need to go to the hospital?"
Neutrogena a trusted brand?
Could i be allergic to sperm?
"On my leg, my elbow, around my eye, my stomach and back. can this be an allergic reaction to something else maybe?"
Why is the right side of my face swollen after waking up in the morning?
Like can you take penicillin for 2 days then be allergic the 3rd day?
Is my son allergic to his own bodily fluids?
And.guess it's all related to whatever else is going on with him. is it possible he's allergic to his own fluids?
Could i be allergic to aspartame?
Mouth and especially my tongue tingle like crazy and even hurt. could i be allergic?
"Happened to me before, it's terrible. have a become allergic to something like pollen all of a sudden?"
Could i be allergic to these?
Out of them when scratched. could i be allergic to the condom?
Is what i am experiencing a cold or allergies?
Off going jogging on a calm morning or on a windy afternoon?
Why are my lips swollen for no reason?
How can i get my boyfriend to eat?
I am allergic to eggs but i want a burrito?
Why was i suddenly having trouble breathing?
Around my eye area. anyone know what it could be?
The extra virgin olive oil on it for over a week now and i'm sure im not allergic to it. why has it become so itchy?
In tattoo ink and is there anyway i can test if i'd be allergic to it?
Throat closed up and couldn't breathe after eating peppermint pattie?
Anyone know why this happened?
But no other symptoms of an allergy. is it possible to be allergic to protein?
What is this rash that has been plaguing me since i was 7?
Itch like crazy. soo anyways do you think im starting to get allergic?
Could i be allergic to apples?
Itchy. it's on his lower stomach and arm. is it an allergic reaction?
Am i allergic to my diaphram?
What is the link to my allergies?
Can dogs get cancer from weed killer?
Tears came out from my eyes and burned me like acid. maybe an allergic reaction?
I was in cooking earlier an my friends made shrimp an garlic an it made my eyes sting an my throught feel?
Funny and scratchy and its 2 hours after an i dont feel well an my throught still feels the same way could i be allergic?
Worried about getting poison ivy from my dog?
How much weight did you lose on the abc diet?
Anything to permanently stop pet allergies?
Tried looking up online and they said it could be a allergic reactions. does anyone know why this is happening?
Could i be allergic to the sun?
I have serious allergies and am looking for answers?
What could cause a headache for this long?
What is this rash spreading across my body?
Do i have the common flu or strep throat?
What do i do to get rid of this?
Do i have a respiratory infection or just coughing too hard?
Why does the top back part of my mouth itch?
Will it be difficult to get hired as a professional firefighter with multiple food allergies?
How far north has the welsh measles outbreak got?
Really bad. do you think i'm having some type of allergic reaction?
Why do ribs make me sick the next day?
Feel like that. i think there's one other kind of pork that does that to me as well. do i have an allergic reaction to pork?
Please please please can a lovely person give me some healthy meals ideas/weight loss tips?
The back of my hands gets red when i wash dishes?
Or touch them. is it just from the hot water or am i allergic to the soap?
"Egg, and fruit. what could it be?"
"Yesterday at 1:30 in the afternoon, does this mean i'm having an allergic reaction to it?"
Why does my nose randomly feel stuffy and i feel sick?
"Feel down, lethargic. i'm thinking that it might be because im slightly allergic to cats?"
Which elemental drink for eosinophilic esophagitis?
Can i use hydrogen peroxide instead please help?
Am i still allergic to dogs?
Is anyone else allergic to fluoride?
Epididymitis diagnosed by urgent care doxxycyciline helped but now it isn't anymore?
It's a slight discomfort nothing to bad. what should i do?
"Yes are also constantly irritated, so could this be some sort of allergic reaction?"
Can some body please tell me do this sound like herpes?
Why do my ears hurt after i eat fruit?
I felt the same pain. im not sure if this is a sign that im allergic to fruit or what. is this normal?
Little bumps rise up around the perimeter of the burn. could i be allergic to the medicine?
What keeps biting me when i sleep?
"Of nowhere, i look to see if its a bug or something and nothing there. wtf, am i allergic to something?"
"On both sides. it's not painful at all, just really uncomfortable.. allergic reaction?"
Son lip swollen badly after having cavities filled?
His lip) is it normal to have severe swelling it could he have an allergic reaction?
Have to drink some milk and it usually helps a little. am i allergic?
How to get smooth skin?
Increasing chest discomfort?
Pain in eye what could it be?
Reddish eye problem for past five days?
Do you think i have pink eye?
Is it conjunctivitis?
Sudden allergy symptoms?
What is it and how to get rid of it fast please?
I am saving money to go visit with my doctor next week and i am wondering what's going on with me?
"Really worried, help?"
Random face skin reaction?
Red burning bumps after swimming in pool?
Could this itch be scabies?
Itching all over body?
;s just the new piercings that are having problems. is this an allergic reaction or could there be another problem?
"Make sense, is it the mere presence of the insect that triggers an allergic reaction or what?"
That i got sick a month or so after. don't allergic reactions usually happen in hours or a few days?
It seems to have gone away. was this from the cold?
"Diagnosis. hypothetically speaking, will i have these allergic reactions for the rest of my life?"
All of my soaps thinking maybe it was an allergic reaction but that didnt help either. any ideas what the problem could be?
"At 1:30 in the afternoon, does this mean i'm having an allergic reaction to it?"
"My whole body is itchy, i have a soar throat and i'm nauseas?"
Strong stomach pain after eating a firecracker?
Really bad rash on foot and swollen calves?
Extremely swollen. does anyone know what this might be?
Why do i have swollen/itchy spots on parts of my body?
"The birth control even though i have taken only one so far, or an allergic reaction?"
What would you think the cause of my allergy can be?
Will you still have an allergic reaction in this situation?
;s hardly a scent left to the flower but will person1 still have an allergic reaction?
Seasonal allergies or allergic reaction?
Why do people feel so strongly about antivaxxers?
Old boy and i take l-arginine. my question is:can i get allergic reaction?
Is nickel in pencil sharpener blades?
Could this be an allergic reaction?
Been pinkish/red for hours now. is this an allergic reaction or the soap was too harsh for my skin?
Dog is still around the house will i keep getting an allergic reaction to her?
Back and i need to move them again. could this be a allergic reaction to allergy pills?
"Might be having an allergic reaction, but i dont know?"
My buddies and i decided to try to robo-tripp last night and i think i had an allergic reaction?
I have white pimple looking dots on my cheeks?
Search but can't find anything. is it mild asthma or an allergic reaction or something?
Could i be having an allergy outbreak?
Anxiety new fear of allergic reactions always worried fearful of being allergic to the things i love the most?
Allergic reaction to spermicide?
Is this antibiotic going to be effective?
",but now i feel as if i have to keep swallowing to be able to breath why is this and is there anything i can do?"
"Large-red bumps on skin, flea bites or allergic reaction?"
The chemical element from the bomb which causes the rash/allergic reaction?
What could these red rashes be?
Anybody have any idea what it could be?
"Sharp, throbbing headache, upper left back of skull?"
But maybe the product i bought gave me an allergic reaction?
"Because condoms are made of latex as well, i was wondering whether this could happen. and if so why?"
I have anxiety and this is scaring me?
"I used bp and now my face is peely, bright red, and tight :( i obviously stopped puting the lotion on, but how do i get rid of this reaction?"
I had a allergic reaction what could i do?
What is wrong with my ears nose and throat?
Allergic reaction-how long will it last?
Red spots and multiple issues what should i do?
Or played in anything that couldve caused me to have an allergic reaction why is this happening?
I was outside all day today and my face is red. i was wearing sunglasses and i am white around my eyes.?
;m concerned because i believe i am having an allergic reaction. what do you guys think is happening to me?
Anxiety new fear of allergic reactions always worried?
Why does my pink eye keep coming back?
Doctor next week. but what can be causing this problem?
"Dry skin, bumps, and red veins under eyes near nose?"
Tryin to fig out whata wrong with my body?
Does this sound like a cold or allergies?
Are these symptoms to an allergic reaction to alcohol?
"Allergy to black henna, been warned not to use black hair dye?"
After i ate a kiwi my tongue itches?
Do i have an allergy to red snapper?
I am experiencing strange vaginal itching?
What to do about shortness of breath?
Why are my eyes puffy but no itchy?
Could it be an allergic reaction?
Spot had swollen i can barely walk. could this be an allergic reaction?
What is this red bump filled with pus and hard lumps?
And though it was from chafing now idk what the hell?
Is this an allergic reaction?
"They arent itchy or raised, just kind of there, if not an allergic reaction what could it be?"
Could this have been an allergic reaction?
Is this allergies or a medical condition?
"Started to itchy like crazy. so, is this an allergic reaction to the typical spring/summer allergies?"
My ears hurt and i have a cold?
Roof of mouth and nose extremely itchy?
Alot after i sneeze but not always. i know it's an allergic reaction but any clue what i might be allergic too?
Like that. i think there's one other kind of pork that does that to me as well. do i have an allergic reaction to pork?
Is this a allergic reaction to my cleanser?
Safe and acne treating birth control pills?
Exposure to betadine with an iodine allergy?
"I have been having allergy symptoms for some time now, what happened?"
On fire and i can't swallow. am i having an allergic reaction to it?
Could i have an allergic reaction to a bite?
"We just got a new puppy on monday. today my son has full fledged hives, could he be allergic to dogs?"
Right in the morning but has anyone ever heard of an allergic reaction not showing up for days?
" mg prednisone for allergic reaction, terrible side effects, help!?"
Did i get some sort of disease from a mosquito?
Malaria or west nile?
Is vaseline harmful to gerbils and their fur?
I woke up with an allergic reaction this morning?
I have tiny red dots on my chin. does anyone know what this could be?
Enamel paint exposure! am i safe or should i go to the hospital?
Why are my sides itchy a lot?
Area just above my hip bones. what could this be?
Someone please help me! my ears are swollen and itchy! allergic reaction?
May be starting to spread down the side of my neck. is this an allergic reaction?
Can dogs get allergic reactions to garlic salt and cough for a while?
What is the bump next to my lip?
Why do i get tears in my eyes?
Can't do anything about it. do you think it's some type of an allergic reaction?
Seafood allergy not showing up on blood test?
Bumps in mouth and itchy nose?
"To wear condoms, but i don't want him to have an allergic reaction. is there another way of preventing pregnancy, and any stds?"
Allergic reaction to condom?
Do i have bed bug bite or mosquito bite?
To release cyanide on contact with stomach acid. is that an allergic reaction?
Does this sound like an allergic reaction?
How do i start wearing ear rings again?
Help with allergic reactions?
Red rash on my leg and burning?
About an hour later could this be an allergic reaction?
Ocd and anxiety about developing a sudden.allergic reaction?
Why do i have a rash on my neck?
And i was wondering if this rash thing could be an allergic reaction or what?
"Lumps on my face, neck and occasionally on my arm.?"
Thing. can anybody tell me what it is?
Need a nutritionist's opinion! how do i change my meal times?
"Painful bumps inside my vagina, what is it?"
I have anxiety and am really concerned?
What store can i buy plant based chocolate vega?
"Im trying to make these healthy brownies, but i dont know where to find this plant based, choc o lot vega think says smoothie on it?"
Has anyone experienced an itchy roof of mouth and tongue?
Second allergic reaction months after first. why?
Has anyone had contact dermititis on penis and gotten rid of it?
How come my throat feels like its closing up?
Is it too late or can it be cured?
Is this an allergic reaction to the oil or?
Allergic reaction while playing soccer?
Why is my lip swelling up?
Possible allergic reaction?
Before. is it possible the rash i have gotten was an allergic reaction hours later after i ate the cookie?
Allowing body to heal itself?
What are these tiny bumps on my 7 year old daughter?
What are these random itchy bumps almost look like hives?
Why does my mums belly itch and have bleeding spots?
I went camping and stood in a field for longer than i should have..?
To bring down the swelling. is it possible im having an allergic reaction?
What is it that may have caused leg pain starting in the foot?
Allergic reaction to stirling silver earrings.?
When i say holiday i mean malia and such! does it cause any more harm than the copious amounts of alcohol consumed?
Has anyone ever had an allergic reaction aussie 3 minute miracle or argan oil?
Birth control pills swollen tongue?
Do you use a menstrual cup instead of tampons?
"If so, what are the pros/cons?"
What's going to happen to me?
Dark almost like a tan on my armpits?
Like little pen marks (small and red). could this be an allergic reaction to my body soap?
My wife woke up with giant white raised splotches on her legs that moderately itch?
Is this a sunburn or not?
And maybe even a tiny bit patchy(not that bad). is this a sunburn or an allergic reaction?
A fever but i have a very bad headache. could this be an allergic reaction?
"Warm and kind of itchy, so i wanted to know if it is an allergic reaction to alcohol?"
"Is this just a common cold, or is it something worse?"
What is wrong with my brother?
Random raised bumps on my chest and neck?
This same amount prescribed in 1 dose ?
Tiny red dots on my arm?
"I am a 74 year old male in good health, why is my nose so runny?"
Am i having an allergic reaction to my cat?
Yeast infection or allergic reaction?
To normal (silk) and that day i just became itchy and red. i know allergic reactions last for a while so could it be an allergic reaction?
"I bleached and dyed my hair two days ago, and now.?"
Unsure about whether this is an allergic reaction?
Allergic reaction to bacrim ds?
Dry skin or allergic reaction?
Swollen tongue and birth control?
Where does the redness come from?
Does this sound like a medicine reaction?
Rash: allergic reaction or something else?
What could this rash be on my little brothers face?
Wasp bite allergic reaction?
Bite. i have no idea about wasps so is this possible to have the allergic reaction two days later?
Are itchie. could i be having an allergic reaction to the numbing stuff?
I've been drinking hibiscus tea and my eyes are really puffy and my face tingly also i feel really tired a?
My dog lick's me and that when this all start i thinking it can be allergic reaction?
Allergic reaction or normal?
"I have a skin problem, not sure what to do?"
If i die young what would be the most natural cause?
"If i die young, what would be the most natural cause of my/a/someone's death?"
How is swimming with a tampon?
Is this some sort of allergic reaction?
Why am i not getting better?
"Bee sting, possible allergic reaction?"
Not sure what's happening..help me please): is it an allergic reaction?
For the past 4 day my vagina been itchy & very dry & irritated last month the same happen but it was as worse?
How come i have such chapped lips?
"Smothering feeling in chest, heart condition?"
Make up allergic reaction?
Has anyone heard of or had experience with this particular allergy/reaction?
It got a steroid shot in my butt for an allergic reaction could it of effected my thyroid glands?
Will they still give me a note?
"Itchy, red bump at crown of head?"
"An itchy scalp before this, and it's definitely not dandruff or lice. could this be an allergic reaction to a hair product?"
Help!! what is causing me to itch?
Is this a skin rash on my face?
Never got any red spots so we think it was just an allergic reaction to a food i just tried?
Have pains in my lower back. could this be an allergic reaction?
Allergic reaction to mustard?
I have these red bumps on my skin. they appeared in a large group on the front of my shoulder?
Is this am std or just a common infection?
Oxycodone allergic reaction?
S about the size of a oreo but i normally have pale skin. could this have been an allergic reaction or just normal side effects?
This morning i ate 1 strawberry and broke out but for some reason their only around my eyes?
What were to happen if i was in jest with epi pen and i wasn't having an allergic reaction?
Soap on allergic reaction?
"Please help, allergic reaction down there?"
"Lotion. i'm not a doctor, but i think i had an allergic reaction to the lotion. what do you think?"
"Am i having an allergic reaction, please help?"
I had an allergic reaction! help help help!?
Bug bite/allergic reaction?
Help!!! i'm having an allergic reaction?
Could i be allergic to hornets?
Redness on my centre of neck near throat what is it?
In desperate need of medical advice?
Do i have allergic rhinitis ?
Opinion first. is it possible?
Allergy symptoms around dogs but tested not allergic?
"Non allergic rhinitis, best treatment?"
Could my sinuses be causing this?
Do i have allergic rhinitis?
Brain fog chronic rhinitis?
"Doesn't bother me, and i dont react to pollen. could i have non-allergic rhinitis?"
Runny nose every time i wake up?
Ear ringing for one week!?
If i've had a cold for like a month now is it more then just a cold?
Should i see my doctor about it?
Do i have allergies help me please?
"Blowing nose for 10 years, 20x a day?"
Is it some kind of allergy?
Emergency!! my inner nose has no skin?
My throat and neck hurt.?
"Health class. i have to write down the diet of a 4 year old child who is allergic to nuts, eggs and milk. how am i suppose to know this?"
"Then when i'm with my other dogs i'm totally fine.. i don't understand this, so could i be allergic to just him?"
It was less than what i had before.. so if i was allergic to that does that mean i could be allergic to tattoos.?
Please help is my son having allergies?
Has anyone tried an alternative to reliv for kids now and got good results?
What am i allergic to?
Why do i keep getting sick?
Effective cough remedies?
Is my scraped knee infected?
Blood in mucus please help?
My whole body is itching help!!?
Itching skin - no relief help!!?
Hard to breathe in my throat?
Why is my asthma acting up?
Allergic to dust / bacteria infection?
I don't know what i'm allergic to?
Teens do you have any allergies and what symptoms do you get?
Red. and i literally tried every pill and absolutely no result. my allergies are too strong for pills. is there another way?
Should i go to soccer with my bad allergies?
School talent show is on that day! how can i get rid of my allergies?
This has been happening for two weeks now. can allergies cause all of this?
Does anyone know from experience how to deal with ear and facial pain from allergies?
I just got allergy testing done for mywith this constant pain from airborne allergies?
And i continued feeling nauseous. is this just seasonal allergies?
"I have season allergies, but i am not of strep over allergies?"
I took about 15 allergy pills. is that enough to kill me?
"If i have a cold or if it's allergies, its a little hard for meso is this a cold or just allergies?"
Before i'm panting like crazy!! is this due to allergies?
And my whole families allergies have been really baddo you think this is allergies or a cold?
I have an itchy sensation in my chest and upper back. it seems worse when i cough. has this happen to any allergy sufferers?
"To even ask something so stupid, but i wanted to know, can having allergies (pollen, mostly) cause your temperature to go down?"
Can try without a prescription?
A type of fruit. but the fda has it listed under nut allergies to avoid. any explanations available?
Do these symptoms sound like allergies or a cold?
Face completley swollen look like a monster from just allergys?
Am i getting sick or is it allergies?
What should i give my dog to treat his allergies to pollen?
What medication should i safely give my dog for his fl allergies?
"Was wondering, its it okay if i take zyrtec now?"
"'ve had many surgeries. i wasn't born with the allergy, so would i be able to outgrow it?"
Could this be spring allergies or a cold?
Would walk outside while going to my classes. could this be allergies?
Need help finding the right allergy medicine?
Traveling in china with tree nut allergy?
Where i can buy a belt online for boyfriend who has a metal allergy?
Have you ever tried quercetin complex for allergies ?
;ll get asthma but why in different states are these food allergies affecting me different?
Lower lips cracking.?
"Is my severe sore throat from allergies, or is it something else?"
"Sick. my sore throat is just killing me, i do have allergies in the spring, but my throat has never hurt this bad. help?"
Is this a cold or allergies?
Allergies cause this?
Allergies ruining my sleep!!!?
"Do have allergies/sinus infection if my eyes feel sore, runny nose, sorish throat?"
"Tight chest, coughing and wheezing after drinking certain makes of orange squash?"
Asthma or something else?
Simple solutions to bad allergies to cats?
"My cousin has a weird phobia from cats, she screems a lot and freakout. then she gets dark spots on her body.?"
Usually those spots lasts for a week or so. any solution to how to reduce these dark spots on her body quickly?
Allergy to cats (please read)?
Allergy to cats. someone help?
Do i need to take my son to an allergist or his pediatrician?
Get an epipen or do i need to take him to an allergist for more testing?
"Best be treated by a dermatologist, because it's on my skin, or an allergist, because it's an allergy. any help?"
Want to be able to spend time outside. has anyone gone to an allergist and have had a changing life experience from this?
Do i have a possible immune deficiency disorder?
Should i carry my inhaler around or not?
Having an eye reaction not sure to what?
Ok to handle a food like this if you have a known seed allergy?
Non allergy towards wheat but my stomach hurts?
Red eye that dont itch or hurt?
How to train over the summer for a sport?
Does this sound like an issue with gluten?
Less swollen. i have an appointment with an allergist tomorrow- is there anything specific i should tell them?
"Sometimes i eat them and i'm fine while other times my throat, lips, etc will itch. why is this?"
What is the cause of my food allergy?
"Been sick for 2 months now, been to the docs 4 times, please any help?"
Does local honey work for a dog's allergy to pollen?
Went to the allergist?
Any ideas what is wrong with my skin?
Red spots all over my body?
Telling my parents about my infection?
Been having a rash for sometime now (3 yrs)?
Specific reaction to radishes but no other salicylates?
Do you think i may have a raspberry allergy?
I think i've been having an allergic reaction?
"Hope. anyway, if i were to go to an allergist, do you think they will help me with this problem?"
Horrible eczema issues for my son?
Allergic to my bunny?
In the last two months i have?
Horrible pain in arm - please help!?
Burning in chest and throat allergies?
In the last two months?
"Hives hospital 3 times ,help?"
Surgeon's office never return calls?
Please help me!! i have pink eye !!!!!!!!?
To get rid of it overnight !!?
Redness around my mouth after eating?
Kinda worried about allergy testing?
Sinus infection situation?
Iud and copper toxicity?
Allergies really bad?
What is wrong with my stomach?
Wheat pollen allergy?
Can't swallow or eat?
"Hair loss, thyroid, and hives?"
Years of stomach problems and i don't know what to do?
"Food allergy, what am i allergic to?"
Medical suggestions what should i do from here?
Question about the possible eczema on my hands.?
Can you get an allergy test?
Why do people with peanut allergies always seem to have.?
Developing allergy through time?
Can someone help me determine these rashes?
What are my legs allergic too!?
I think i am allergic to something at work?
Am i allergic to my kitten?
"Mucus stuck in my throat, what do i do?"
Why can't i eat fresh fruit?
Urgent i have really bad breath?
Always alot of phlegm./mucous in my throat?
Am i allergic to shrimp?
Breaking out due to allergy?
Am i allergic to onions?
Constant coughing problem?
Why do i sneeze so much?
Itchy throat after drinking soymilk?
What could this rash be?
Please help hay feaver?
Jack in the box tacos?
Digestive problem diagnosis help?
I have really bad allergies?
Am i lactose with milk?
I'm not getting the answers i'm looking for ?
Celiac disease confusion?
Somebody help! coughing and phlegm?
"Allergies, asthma or quitting smoking?"
Gluten/wheat sensitivity/intolerance/allergy?
Aquagenic urticaria question?
I think i'm allergic to bees?
Have i got hay fever?
Dermatologist help needed.?
"On my arms and legs but not on my face, back, or chest area. what should i do to cure these rashes?"
Dog allergiesplz help?
Does this really matter?
Bumps on arms help!!?
Am i still sick please help?
Extreme redness after consuming alcohol?
Help with allergies please?
Back irritation problem.?
Persistent cough..nothing working!?
I think i need a epipen!?
How long do allergy pills last?
How much does allergy shots costs in ontario?
"My 2 yo ds already had his first strong reaction. if we give more exposure of germs, will his immune system outgrow the nut allergy?"
"Effect, i am talking, does it affect some organ which indirectly cause allergy by taking/applying of some other allergens?"
Do i have an allergy to eggs and coffee?
If i have too many cups of fresh coffee. do i have an allergy or an intolerance?
The cause of the lightheadedness?
Would a food allergy encourage my dog to dig in rocks?
And dirt to the point of her nose bleeding. is this a food allergy or and ocd behavior?
"I just want to know if theres a connection between the two, any help please. is it mean if u have nasal allergy you also have food allergy?"
There any good over the counter allergy medicines that i can use on trips?
Or would the sulphate part of the compound produce the same reaction as my sulfa allergy?
Long after a person eat a food that is not good or she has allergy to have pain?
"I have it and i cant even eat a drop of watermelon without my lips and mouth breaking out into a rash, would anahistamine/allergy medicane help me?"
Could anyone give me some advises about allergy to sunlight?
Am i sick or do i have allergies?
Eyes itchy and watery and red from allergies?
Could this be a pineapple allergy or just the flu?
I think i have an allergy to penicillin. i've been may have developed an allergy?
Allergy meds for asthma related allergies?
My puppy swallowed several allergy pills?
Should i talk to my dr about getting an allergy test?
"Itchy too fsr. is my body really trying to warn me, and could my allergy be getting worse?"
And need to get better before graduation! do you think its a cold or just allergies?
Why do i stop sneezing when i eat chips or chocolate?
How can i help my allergies?
I have lived in az for 12 years and now all of a sudden i have allergies.?
I don't know if i have common cold symptoms or if i just have allergies. someone help?
Use are made by coppertone and banana boat. what ingredient do you think cause the allergy?
"When i start her on solids, when can she have an allergy test done?"
Just found of i have grass allergy?
Can i get an anaphylactic reaction from her kissing my hand?
"Like buffet, seafood, bbq, beverage place. does that mean allergy or food and water contamination bacteria?"
Is this some kind of a allergy or just a cold?
Pink eye started this way?
"Symptoms of paranoid schizophrenia, but can that also be caused by allergies to the medications he's on?"
Has anyone experienced a relentless itching on different part of the body?
Still work even though it's expired?
What medication should i ask my doctor for?
Is this an allergy to the sun or heat?
Does any one else have to have 3 allergy shots every week?
Do i have allergies or just a cold?
"Do i have allergies, a cold, or strep throat?"
What i could be allergic to in it?
Or can you just go to one?
Runny almost every time am i getting sick or is this allergies ?
Is this a cold or just allergies?
";s a cold, but i think it's a reaction to the mold. i never have allergy problems and i rarely get sick. any thoughts?"
Never been officially diagnosed with asthma but unsure about the cs gas chamber?
Where can i find food analysis charts for the uk?
" i never really had any allergy problems with them, other than option. can anyone suggest a good allergy medicine?"
Itch leading me to believe that this is not because of an allergy to tobacco. any thoughts?
"With stomach cramps. i still feel sick to my stomach, could this be a food allergy?"
How long until my stool goes back to normal?
S ony been like 300-700 everyday. idk why though. i have a gluten allergy so the foods i eat are low calorie. is this bad?
This happening. so what should i do?
Is it bad to take all these pills everyday?
Why is my saliva so thick?
Very very tired all of the time for no reason. i think i may have allergies but also have anxiety. any sup er doctor know what my problem is?
My name is syed i am living in uae my son his 7 year old he have dust allergy body itches and sneezing past 2?
Keep useing ibuprofen or should i switch to another medicine like an allergy medicine or tylenal?
Fast and easy way to soothe a sore throat?
What is this illness and how can i get rid of it?
Missing a lot of days in school and i know my allergies will be coming soon so please help and any cures?
"The cause of this, and how can i fix it?"
Anyone order and non-rx meds for their nebulizer?
"What are all the things corn is made into (corn syrup, xanthan gum, etc.)?"
"Pollen. i love zyrtec, but i was wondering if it works with food allergies?"
A sesame seed and a tree nut allergy. my question is thishethis if you have a known seed allergy?
How do i get rid of a cold?
Multigrain french white looking bread with seeds work?
Has anyone had an anaphylactic reaction?
'm so scared to have one and keep getting so paranoid about my allergy and its driving me crazy. what does it feel like?
"Side too. i don't have a fever or headache or body soreness, so could it be allergies?"
Body react differently?
"T changed my vision or anything, but i want to make sure it's just allergies. what could this be and how can i ease the symptoms?"
How come i don't get allergies anymore?
Am i getting this because i have taken too much amphetamine from pills?
One of my eyes keeps hurting and watering really bad?
"Just bug bites or a medical emergency, or something in between?"
"And wasps, how is that even possible?"
Did weed damage my lungs or is it more spring allergies?
But they eventually start feeling normal again. is this possibly an allergy to the pastels?
That are exclusively redness-relieving?
Brown discharge on my tongue after waking up?
Causing it. i know there are tests for some allergies but can this be tested for?
The morning. not sure if its gi related or allergies?
Why my skin turn red and appear some small pots after i scratched?
"Appears, they take a while to disappear, what is the problem, food allergy or because of season?"
We got a new kitten and my mom is allergic?
How to get an allergy?
"Have any other symptoms of allergies.no runny eyes, runnyof air pressure and seasonal change allergies?"
"Why am i so pale, and have such dark circles under my eyes?"
Weird scratches and rashes appearing on my hands?
Red dots . it hurts when i moisturize .is this an allergy ( i havent changed anything ) ?
"Would you consider this a cold, or allergies?"
"My son is 2 years, please advice is this level of allergy a life threatening or can it become life threatening?"
My left eye is watery during the day and very dry at night?
Have you ever been tired physically but not mentally?
I have a job interview coming up in 2 days & i have laryngitis?
How to sleep with mouth open?
M 19 i'm a male. what could this be?
Do you ever bow your nose loudly in public?
Pretty popular and seems pretty clean. so could it be an allergy to curry?
"Syptoms of allergies to butterflies, wasps, and moths?"
Are these signs of anything i should worry about?
How to live a more natural healthy life.?
"'m still allergic. and i have suspicions that i have other allergies, most likely minor. how do doctors test for allergies?"
Did i start my second dose of prednisone too quick?
What causes allergies in henna?
Is this allergies or pink eye or what?
", clariton, etc.) is there a way to get rid of these allergies?"
What could have caused my breaking out in hives at these restaurants?
"Sometimes when i consume peanut butter, my throat/tongue becomes tight and i'm nauseous?"
My son may have been wrongly diagnosed with having autism?
Shy ( the main reason why they diagnosed him). what do you guys think?
Could i have a peanut allergy ?
How can i lose weight this summer?
What can i do about my throat?
My roommate is angry at me because my coughing is waking her up at night?
Is it a cold or allergies?
I cleaned a shed out about a week ago that had a bunch of dust in it and some mouse or rat droppings?
Every time i drink a milk i feel so dizzy. if i take in a large quantity i really need to go to sleep.?
Caffeine withdrawl or allergies or sinus?
"I recently went to the dr and found out i'm borderline diabetic, my cholesterol was a lil high and i have?"
I can hear very well but have trouble understanding?
Doesn't connect with understanding for some reason. could it be allergies?
Relief from itchy eyes with allergies?
Are you always loud when you blow your nose?
Am i sick or is it just allergies?
Is this leftover stuff part of our non-latex condoms or something else and is it a problem?
Why do i sneeze when looking at light?
Worried about toddler not getting enough protein and dairy?
Do i have allergies or a cold?
Just seasonal allergies?
Are these symptoms due to liver failure?
Will i be ok or is this potentially serious?
Are these pills safe to take together?
Have i damaged my liver by this?
Constant migraine and an upset stomach?
Difference of diphenhydramine hcl?
Allergies or sinus infection?
"This headache is persistant. any advice on what to take to get rid of thisallergy relief meds, sinus meds?"
What's that new hay fever cream called ?
Multiple chemical sensitivity?
I ate something i was allergic to?
Whats wrong with my eye?
Todays tuesday and ever since late friday my eyes has been itching and twitching like crazy what could be wrong?
Can't stop coughing!!?
This constant pain from airborne allergies?
Should i stop giving my dog his allergy shots?
Reaction to first allergy shot?
Is prolonged exposure to allergens good for the immune system?
Say i had hay fever but continued to expose myself to dust and pet dander. would i eventually grow more tolerant?
That worked really well?
The side effects are as bad as the problem . i also tried allergy shots( no success). what i am doing wrong?
To them. is there any 'quick cure' for my allergy?
Allergy shots question?
Excessive yawn and breathing?
Eating local honey for allergies?
Prolong diarrhea please help!?
Can i help my guinea pig allergy?
"Asthma/allergies, does your throat tighten at night?"
Sore throat due to allergies?
Do allergy shots hurt?
What is this wheezing cough?
Permanently get rid of allergies?
Am i allergic to my cat?
Child on medicine so he can't?
The a sub or pizza. should i look into getting an allergy test?
"Im smoking weed tomorrow and have allergy test 5 days later, will it be obvious on the test?"
"Are gonna smoke weed in the morning before school and i have an allergy test on next week, like 5 days later.. are they gonna find out ?"
Any ideas on what to do about itchy dogs?
My mouth tingles when i eat tomato?
Reactions to injections?
Im getting an allergy test and i'm scared?
Allergy test proved i'm allergic to peanutsi eat them every day with no harm! confused?
(10 pts best)going to smoke weed for the first time?
Allergy testing and an antihistamine?
Is my skin purging or genuinely breaking out?
Is my dog causing my sinus infections and nasal swelling?
Freak me out. this week i'm getting a scratch test/allergy test. i'm so worried and scared. does it hurt?
Itchy rash on inner thighs when travelling?
We did not find results for: hello friends i am from pakistan i am suffering in a very big problem since last?
Allergic reaction what should i do?
I think i'm allergic to eggs but my doctor said no?
That's a whole different level of pain. could it be that the allergy test (blood test) was a false negative?
What would you recommend for a dog with skin allergies?
Over the counter medication for dishidrosis?
I have to get an allergy test tomorrow! so scared!?
Am i allergic to cats?
My purebred doberman is having skin issues?
Psychology and streptococcus in children?
Does medicare cover allergy testing?
Like you have to pass it so you can find out what's in it?
"I'm 13 so i have never had one before and i'm getting one tomorrow, what happens in there?"
My whole body gets hot and sweaty and i feel like my legs are crawling about 1/2 - 1 hour after eating. what a?
Allergy test question(s)?
Why do bananas make my stomach feel weird?
Serum immunoglobulin (allergy tests)?
What is this red spot on my palm?
Can i develop allergies?
(10pts best) smoking weed for the first time?
Itchy lips from eating shrimps?
How to make my mum feel better?
I've been gluten free but still have keratosis pilaris?
 also!!! is it possible to try doing an at-home allergy test on your own?
What toxins could cause this?
Immune systems weakened?
Constant stomach cramping and gas?
Dairy-related sinus pressure - decongestant or antihistamine?
I get headaches from eating eggs?
Had anaphalactic attack 5 weeks ago. nothing has been riright since.?
"People who have had blood allergy tests, how accurate did you find them to be ?"
My roommate says my kitten is making her allergies bad. should i confront her?
"Itchy bumps on wrists, fingers, and stomach?"
I'm allergic to my job?
Horrible dry skin.. ?
Itchy neck and chest for some reason?
I'm getting an allergy test done?
I'm doing the blood one. can they tell you the severity of each allergy?
"I need help, some kind of fungal infection?"
Could i be allergic to walnuts?
I have an allergy test in 3 days?
Low neutrophhils & highlymphocytes?
My doctors dont know i have an allergic reaction to chlorine so we are having a swim unit in p.e will they still give me a note to be excused?
Do i have cat allergy(i was not allergic to my old cat)?
What can i be allergic to?
Why am i having sharp pains behind my eye?
Could i be allergic to shrimps?
Peanut butter allergy in the making?
Every time i'm around them i start sneezing and my eyes water like crazy. what do i do?
Will my allergies get worse?
Will they ever go away?
Red painless dots on penis head?
Am i allergic to strawberries?
Why am i getting headaches everyday?
I got hives from my wrist watch?
What is wrong with my mom?
She been having numb legs and its been going up throughout her body?
Sensitivity to scent products?
I usually feel tired with fever every evening from 5pm. this has been on for months now.?
Why am i itching so bad?
Which of these foods cause bloating?
Am i allergic to tuna fish?
Is it too much stomach acid?
Do i have eye allergies?
Why do my feet itch really badly?
Am i allergic to perfume?
"Health question, need answer asap?"
Im sickwhat could i have?
Why am i getting hives so frequently?
Does this mean im allergic?
Am i allergic to chickens?
I feel like throwing up?
Dairy causing my acne?
Recently gluten-free: problem with nuts?
Allergic to hair color?
"Kids chronic cough, help?"
I think i have asthma?
I have so many spots :(?
Please help! rash attack!?
"Egg allergy and sex, can girl get allergic reaction?"
Sudden allergy to eggs?
Why do avocados make me sick?
My vagina burns when & after i pee?
Allergy to latex/spermicide condoms?
Why is my vagina itchy?
My stomach makes me look like i am pregnant?
Does this sound like an eating disorder?
I'm afraid of gaining weight but everyone wants me too :(?
"Celiac disease, a food tolerance or food allergy?"
"Feeling very tired, no energy and bad stomach constantly?"
Any ideas what is wrong with me?
Please someone help!!!! what's wrong with me?
Bad experience with oreos?
"Feeling crappy, don't know what it is!?"
"I want a dog, but my brother is allergic?"
How many pills do i need to take?
How did i contract my pink eye - details below?
Do i have a cold or allergies?
After another after another! why do i do this?
When i have a fever but i don't have one. could it just be allergies?
I have random shocks of pain in my head ?
I have been feeling horrible for a while now. what virus/disease does this sound like?
Itchy legs after being in contact with pollen?
Skinny side but not fat. is this heart rate good?
"Deficiencies, b12 deficiencies 10. allergies?"
What do you gout sufferers eat to relieve the pain?
Possible false positive for meth?
Gout-rheumatism - high pressure?
I'm trying to commit suicide!?
Mainly over the counter pain medication a couple tylenol codeine 3s and some mcintyre and allopurinol and then some metoprolol?
Kidney stone question?
Using cream with almond-oil with an almond allergy?
Throat hurts after almost drowning in a pool?
Will this become a problem in the future?
I don't know what to do anymore. please help?
Me talking about suicide and death?
Why do i feel like this?
My grandparents neighbor almost drowned. will she and i be ok?
Where to buy best aloe vera juice online in india?
So i have this aloe vera plant and how do i use it?
I put a bunch of aloe gel on my acne and it burns?
How much aloe vera is too much?
How often should i apply aloe?
Would this homemade weight loss body wrap work?
";m like already really tan for a white person but still, do u put like lotion in it or aloe or whatever. help anyone?"
Do i have to wash off aloe vera gel?
Get rid of my lines and sunburn! any suggestions other than aloe that will help speed this process up?
There anyway to actually speed up the process?
Me does anyone know any good treatments besides aloe?
In at least less pink by morning?
That should do the trick?
Pinkish marks. for the past 3 days iv been putting aloe on it like 4+ times a day. are they healing?
How do i get rid of leg scars?
Does anyone whose done an herba life diet have any feedback?
 i'm buying the stuff to make shakes and the aloe. how many times a day should i make a shake?
"Suggestions for it, do you think i should try all natural aloe vera?"
How to fix a sun burn fast?
What treatments are avaialable?
My clothes and my shampoo but it wasn't that either. iv heard aloe vera gel?
Just leaving a sun burn on the top of my head?
"So yesterday i dropped my wand on my leg, top layer of my skin was removed.today it is bleeding a bit?"
I want to know if i should go to the doctor or let it heel at home?
Work in a few hours and i cant even imagine putting my bra oni know aloe vera helps but i cant get any. would motrin do the trick?
"The skin on my shoulders are starting to peel, should i use aloe vera gel?"
What to do for severe sunburn and upper leg pain?
", like a lot. is there anything i can do?"
Do i get rid of this fast?
And vaseline. any homemade remedies?
A super fast way to decrease the redness?
"It okay to maybe use them once a week, never, or every day?"
Bubbles formed on skin after sunburn?
Question about shaving the male pubic area?
Can i do for this to stop happening?
Just noticed it becuz it started hurting i got aloe on it now should i put burn cream over the aloe?
How long will my sunburn last?
Clarification for shaving down there please?
"Such as using an unscented lotion after, or putting aloe on after, orrr using baby powder. which one should i use?"
My face is peeling severely form sunburn?
"To smile and sometimes talk because it involves face movement. when i put aloe vera on it,it burns really bad! what should i do?"
How can i fade or reduce this redness?
"Answer this because a lot of dumbasse$ tend to answer. anyway, things like aloe vera, honey or what do you know?"
How to relive sunburn pain?
My nose is dry and irritated it is not sunburn i had this for a year now and i can not use lotion?
"And never want to show them ever again. ive tried aloe vera, cocoa butter, and vitamin e. what should i do ?"
Is it harmful to use on face?
Rd degree burn on my arms what can i take to num the pain?
How long before skin is back to normal?
" and it started to peel today and it looks nasty :( put aloe vera lotion on it ..how long before my arms are back to normal,?"
"I have a sunburn, and it stopped burning but still hurts?"
"Neck. but nonetheless, it looks funny :/ i don't have any aloe, so could i put aveeno moisturizing lotion on it?"
A bit of the redness?
Help i feel extremely itchy and have some kid of red spots on my hands almost to the shoulders?
Aloe vera or vasaline for a heat rash?
How do i get rid of this?
Apart from the skin getting dry. i have some vaseline aloe fresh essential moisture but don't i want them to dry up?
"Got a sunburn, got little white bubbles, and i'm flying on a plane on 2 days?"
"That looks like lizards molting) and i have tried aloe vera, coconut oil, and cold water compresses why should i do?"
Is it safe to go back outside again?
Redness away before monday. i cant use any home ways to fix it i can just go buy aloe vera gel but will it get the redness to go away or the tan too?
Dark patches of skin after waxing help?
My mom keeps telling me to put vaseline on my sunburn?
I have a sunburned face and its peeling but have moderate acne?
"School like this, i could use coverup.. but i dont really want to use that, and aloe only takes the pan away, not the red. help?"
The blisters and pain and prevent peeling?
Blocked artery while taking aloe vera caps?
I have little red dots all over my legs and arms?
Friction burn from jacking it without lube?
"Anything, but it still hurts like a *****. i have been putting on aloe vera gel whenever i can, but is this enough to heal it?"
Relieve extremely painful cracked sunburn?
So is it something like stomach bleeding?
People are saying not to go out tomos because i already got sun burnt today what should i do i have to go out?
Emergency ----how to fall asleep with a very bad sunburn :(?
White patch on my back after tanning?
Heal good and faster ?
Aloe vera bad to put in eyes?
Why are my armpits itching like crazy ?
"Have really sensitive skin, any recommendations to heal this?"
How does my grocery list look?
I need medical advice on a wound/burn from a pro please.?
Please help me with bad eczema on my eyelids?
How to lose 30 pounds?
Sunburned real bad and now eyes are swelling shut?
Are starting to swell shut what cal i do other than the aloe gel and ice compacts to take down the swelling?
Degree burn how long will it take to heal will it heal?
To even sleep. i took a cold bath and put on lots of aloe and lotion but my skin still hurts like a mother help?
" the smaller ones have faded more thanks to aloe, but what about the really deep/wide scars that i have?"
The skin around my eyes feels like it's burning?
My sunburn turned into brown hard patches of skin?
Aloe extra gel on heat rash?
I always get razor bumps and rash!?
What is my risk of skin cancer?
Lemon juice and aloe vera?
I swallowed some trace amounts of aloe vera gel?
When will my sunburn go away?
"I have it on my sides, thighs, and butt?"
Also how much weight can cleansers help lose?
I have really bad exima on my arms :( i'm 14 . is there any natural remedies or anything that will get rid of it?
How to protect a male face from darkning?
Sunburnt on the bottom of my feet?
Anyone know any good ways to reduce scarring?
Please please help me how can i rid all my old scar in my legs and arms in cheapest and natural way?
I just can't get rid of those red bumps!?
Ii don't have a bad acne i only have zits. it's not noticable but when im on light or sun it is. and i want to get rid of it will aloe vera help?
How bad does this sun burn sound to you?
Mole removal with aloe vera?
Help for itching after shaving legs?
Is my skin freaking out due to recent sun exposure?
Eurax for a week which made it worse so now i googled and aloe vera wad the sosolution so help?
Burn marks on stomach from heating pad?
This happen to them before?
Self harm scars way more visible after a day in the sun?
"How do i make my cleanliness, and neatness last all day?"
Weight loss questions about body wraps?
 points. how to get rid of windburn?
So i get rid of the pain and redness of windburn?
Do i have athletes foot or dry skin?
My nose is sunburnt really bad?
Sunblister. should i use aloe or let it dry out?
It besides not using that facewash any longer?
Aloe vera on pimples?
Just use the standard aloe vera?
Why am i getting so many stretch marks?
How can i get lighter skin?
Aloe vera for health. what plant to buy?
Aloe vera for diabetes?
Has my aloe vera gel gone bad?
Been at the beach all day and now i'm slightly burnt and have goosebumps?
"Sunburn severe itch, is it over yet?"
Patch of dry skin on my hip?
Itchy skin after tanning?
Moisturizer. i don't know what to put before i go to bed?
Really bad sunburn!! help!?
Will this help my sunburn?
The aloe vera available here in monsoon the right type of aloe vera & effective?
And other ointments that i've been applying such as aloe vera. is there any way i can at least reduce the redness quickly?
Besides not using that facewash any longer?
Aloe vera plant (applying to burn scar)?
"What is causing my stomach cramps, pain and bowel problems?"
"Out i have hives, just got them. can aloe vera completely cure hives?"
"Guys, i need help. my underarm skin was burn due to green peeling oil?"
Skin on face suddenly very dry and flaky?
Aloe vera gel for hair?
Aloe vera stinging sunburn?
Why do i keep getting hemorhoids?
;s not as irritating but should i be using like aloe vera or something to make it stop?
Controlling diarrhea with end stage liver disease?
Aloe vera help please!!!!!?
Up but red and its still needs to heal a bit. i heard aloe vera helps heal it fast. does it really work?
What can i do about this skin problem?
How long until my sunburn goes away?
Failing to find a remedy for my horrible sun burn?
Am i allergic to aloe vera?
Graduation ceremony at the end of this week and i have a stye. help?
Remove toxicity while chronically constipated?
Best way to get rid of a hemroid asking for my mum?
Is ahaglow face wash by torrent helpful for acne?
"My dog scratched my nose, will it leave a scar?"
How to get rid of sunburn?
Is it possible for me to loose weight and get slim before summer?
How can i increase my weight of body?
It take before things are back to normal?
How long will this itching last! i'm in tears!?
Helpp!! aloe vera made scar dark red!?
Why is the side of my eye bloodshot?
Random blurry spots in one eye?
What are the chances of me going bald?
Back and they were good. i have researched on alopecia and am wondering if that would show up in a thyroid test?
How to be healthier (with a healthy skin+healthy hair)?
Why am i pulling my eyebrows and eyelashes out?
What is happening to my facial hair?
Would you continue seeing a tcm doctor who smoked?
Has anybody ever recovered from traction alopecia?
Have you had it for months or years but then recovered your hair line?
Will they be able to cure him?
Itching scalp and alopecia areata?
Has saw palmetto helped anyone with baldness?
Alopecia can anyone give abit info?
May fall out! he also gets needles in his head! is this alopecia?
Alopecia trouble! need advice :)?
Almost fainted out the blue at work?
"Before minus like your average cold and cough, and an unrelated stint with alopecia. what the heck was this?"
Why did my eyelashes fall out?
Are any of thise ingredient s dangerous pls ten poinys asap!!?
Randomly almost fainted at work?
"I dyed my hair, now i have a growing bald patch!?"
I have a random bold spot on my head?
Suddenly i had a problem like this. in my beard round of hair is gone| later now some portion white hairs are came.?
Hair loss at 14 years old?
A serious disease which is alopecia totalis. it any other way of treating alopecia totalis?
So i have aplopecia areata?
I was diagnose with alopecia areata 5 months ago..i if there's any relation with alopecia areata and my extreme diet..?
Alopecia sufferers: have you had success with rogaine?
I'm trying women's rogaine. have you tried it?
Feel sick all the time?
I'm physically messed up. help?
Am i in risk of balding?
Dev ratan amla sikakai herbal oil is best for hair growth with 6 herbs and natural oil?
I'm a 17 year old girl.i noticed a bald spot on the back of my head!?
Hey.. help me or i will suicide i suffered blood cancer 4 years ago and i am cured too but due to chemother?
My head feeling hot inside?
Trichotillomaniahelp me?
Serious disease which is alopecia totalis. it is slowlyother way of treating alopecia totalis?
Hbv dna result i doult i will die?
Getting rid of ppp on my penis?
So i'm finally going to get rid of them using alpha hydroxy acid. what percent aha should i use?
Question about pearly penile papules?
Tanning after a facial peel?
Pearly penile papules on penis?
Question about body acne?
My aplha1 turned into cirrhosis?
I just got dignosed with emphysema at the age of 22?
I must be a pain but need advice.?
What has helped you with pms or pmdd?
"Xanax (alprazolam) tolerance and withdrawal help! please, 10p?"
I would like to see what alprazolam pills look like so i can know what im taking?
Alprazolam and mdma(molly)?
Nature made super b-complex with alprazolam 0.5 mg?
Some info on alprazolam?
Alprazolam with chamilla tea in same day.?
I do not understand why i take so many bendryll help me please?
What happeneds when you mix these two together?
"Weird question, but was this enough to kill someone..?"
I feel like im going insane?
Interesting question please answer for me?
Round white unmarked xanax?
Xanax for 3 hour flight?
Left sternum pain when moving (long details)?
"Anxiety, advice an kind i possible have ?"
"Anxiety and nausea , advice please . please . suffering ..?"
"Anxiety and nausea , advice please. need help fast .!!?"
I need to gain weight help me!?
Disappointing experience with xanax.?
Anxiety help please anyone . !!!!!?
"Anxiety and nausea , advice please.?"
What drugs can i take if i'm on ssri's?
Xanax pex-2 alprazolam?
What is this medication mainly used for?
I took .5 mg xana or alprazolam?
What does a 3mg xanx look like?
"Really worried about my mate, help overdose!?"
Cipralex side effects?
Anxiety medications help?
Benadryl for sleep aid?
Overwhelmed by change and need help?
Problem where do i begin with my problems?
Codeine and diazepan?
Xanax/klonopin information?
Contact lenses blurry at long distances. optometrists baffled?
Can they just live like any other person?
I box but want to start lifting weights to gain mass for a personal trainer job?
"To do cocaine, pills, and weed. did i relapse?"
"What the chances of my mom, sister, or myself had of als obtaining breast cancer?"
How do you tell a friend/ family member that you are on drugs?
How do i ask my friend to sponsor me?
As is done with alcoholism?
Why do i have these horrible nosebleeds?
"How much is a close ballpark figure for a workers compensation, 80% rotator cuff tear worth?"
"Does it make sense that if you have resentment, you feel like shadow boxing?"
Can i buy just one pair?
How far have we progressed in curing this disease?
How to eliminate zits?
My lower stomach feel like it full i dont eat much?
Am i on the right track to loose weight?
Does my skin look healthier now because i'm living a healthier life-style?
How many carrots per day to i have to eat to al least get to 35/20 vision?
How to make six pack abs(only people who have already achieved it)?
Need help to loose a lot of weight for summer holiday?
Feeling sick my is my breath cold?
"So this is whats in my crazy head. ocd, bipolar, adhd, i don't know. what do ya think?"
Why did a wasp sting me for no reason?
I am planning a recommendation report on telehealth care services. i would just like some feedback from you al?
How is i hear the voices?
"No one here, who do i stand up for?"
Idea of what was wrong with me?
I am a medic student with a few questions. if you could please help.?
What do you do when doctor threw out old medica al records?
What is the name of a mex/span movie where young lady has cancer and falls inlove with other cancer patient?
Should your first period be a very light flow?
"Wipe there is bright red blood on the toilet paper, so it's definitely there it's just not flowing out, this is not al for a first period right?"
I want otoplasty can i get it free on the nhs?
How can i tell someone to cover their mouth when they cough?
Who knows the weight of this bike?
What do i do about my mom! what is best for me and y family please help!?
"Does anybody know how much carbs, calories and sugar a body needs for a healthy nutrition plan?"
"Give me good advice, i get nervous easily please dont respond if theyre super negative?"
How to keep something dear forever in my mind?
When i drink soda yesterday i forgot to wash the top of the can?
"Please help me with my ""diet"" i am planning for the summer?"
What is it about diet that makes you fat?
Have u noticed most public restaurants nationwide want to kill you?
I've recently heard about hookah ice drops. it's kinda like a gel?
"Can you have symptoms of serious conditions, but not have it?"
Cramp in calf muscle in the middle of the night?
What is wrong with my daughters vagina?
How to jus go for it!?
How can i ask to go to a dermatologist?
"Diet and fitness:coould i do heavy weights after school,then(alternate nights)bodyweights ad nauseum?"
Could i possibly have als?
Have had every test under the sun (with the exception of an mri) and they have all come back negative. could i possibly have als?
"How to pronounce words correct, i mispronounce words that start with ch;sh;l ;r;?"
How to improve my diet?
Prison and having claustrophobia?
What's next after my orthodontist visit (10 points to best answer)?
Im 14 years old and i want to suicide?
Do you think i just relapsed?
I use to be connected to nature peace life and then it changed why?
When you hit puberty does your penis grow hair?
Please help with this constant iching?
"Cancer, als, or just hypochondria?"
Can i lose 10 pound before june 10th?
What could make my leg weak?
What's the reason for this sudden change of behaviour?
We used to talk al th time & share feelings with each39;s wrong?
I am having some seroius problems please help?
Please some help with my daughters rash?
The inside of my vagina's scent has changed?
I had sex with my gf with out any protection so she is scared that she might be pregnent stomch is paining als?
I always fall asleep when i wear headphones?
Men what age did you stop growing taller?
Finished growing by 20 ?
"If i have an.al sex, am i still a virgin.?"
"Out can i use the excuse ""it's not sex""?"
My sister in-law has ovarian cancer that spread to the bladder. al wirenal failure in bo?
All things booty.! for ladies only.! how to get a bigger butt.?
What exercises can i do to develop certain things?
Ok soo grls i have some peroide questions?
Me every 28 days are they right?
"Ok, let's just, for now, take ethics out of the equation. where did i get all this info?"
Why is my niece & nephew doing this?
Why did i vomit so suddenly?
How to tell when your growing (puberty)?
What the heck could it be?
I have a headache and i feel really heavy.?
I have a sore throat its red?
Constant fear of terminal ilness?
What age did you stop growing taller ?
Lamictal overdose side effects?
I have the implanon how long do pms last?
Muscle and lethargy problems?
"Gastric juice contains 3.00 g of hcl per litre. if a person produces 2.50 l of gastric juice per day, the?"
Hii please help me with my problem or i would rather say doubt?
Every time i eat something i feel fat and i cry about it and stress out?
Recovering from anorexia nervosa please help?
"How to say to dental patient. ""brother/sister calm down or dont be afraid its almost finish.""?"
I need help getting a healthy lifestyle as to look healthy and lose weight!!!?
Mom makes home a stressful environment?
I'm a teen and i've peeded my pants more then once?
Okay i have started taking flax seed tablets and they have seem to make me not hungry?
My fathers death keeps replaying in my head?
Throbbing pain in my forhead?
Im am 15 years old and i have a hairy chest and im going to wisconsin dells should i shave or just leave it al?
My diet allow for obtaining all my vitamin and mineral needs w/o supplements?
Suicide and the hypocrites that follow.?
Childhood schizophrenia question?
I can't sleep what can i do ?
Why am i hungry al the time?
Can i swim in the ocean on my period?
Why can't i get over this anorexia ?
Im freaking out about my cervix?
Did i have a heart attack?
Hiv testing and prevention?
"Okay so i ate waaay too much pita today,?"
"Sulfur burping, gas, nausea, constipation..?"
"Usually followed by vomiting or diarrhea.i've been fine al day, i should still be fine?"
Help i am so cunfused. am i crazy or is this real?
I think ive got angsioty?
Healthiest dinner option?
Please help me. feeling very ill?
Healthy foods to eat on a low carb diet?
I'm here fr the samethe word'acne':-p does ayurvedic treatment is good?
Really leave you in pain?
Will i be able to have sex?
"I am 18 and overweight. the past month i have started eating better and excersising, but i feel sick al lot.?"
I think i just got my period?
Girlfriend needs appendix removed?
I'm becoming suicidal please help?
Could this become a dangerous problem..?
But more in the past few weeksam i okay..?
Coughing up white chunks?
My acne is getting worse!!?
Men only. guys manbush or shaved?
Female/vaginal question (answer asap please)?
Help please! i'm confused?
Do you think i'm depressed?
Help with depression please ?
My mothr n sistr r goin into depression evry day bcos of bnch of problms r arisin. i need help desperatly.?
Anxiety! please help something new just happend!?
Embarassing problem!! please answer fast!!?
"A bit akward, but felt good. but now i want to go home, but al my clothes are suddenly gone?"
Always getting hurt everyday!!!?
Confused. please help?
Can someone tell me if im exhausted?
Scaling skin on feet (medical question)?
Do i have pyrophobia?
[ girls ] question about hymen.?
Ok a quick question about the hymen. where is it al exactly and what is it for?
Help me ! pls ! i couldn't get good answers !?
Doctor will they be able to find i had sex ?
Please help!! loose weight on my thighs fast?
Help with a boy pls read..?
Do you really have to go for a walk every day?
Hypothyroid treatment?
Body image issues :(?
How to deal with stress?
First period help me please?
Doctors or somebody help me! i'm much worried !?
Getting freedom from habit of mastubration?
I feel like a failure(academic future; teen)?
Am i a perv i am 13 .?
Skin problem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Help. p.s i sometimes put foundation on it and it doesnt help at al!!! you can still see the veins!! any mosturizers or somethin?
First time high on weed.. too much?
I feel like i failed somewhere(academic future; teen)?
Worried that i may be prego or not?
Need opinion. what is considered an acholic?
"I am scared to death i have als, help!!?"
"Hi i am suffring from spinal tb in d10,11,13 .i am 25 year old. i want to know how much time to take remove al?"
"I am 17, had a tonsillectomy march 18, have been throwing up every sense have not eaten al all,?"
Am i losing my ability to swallow?
Are my contact lenses too big?
Suspicious about student in my class?
Does anyone know any excersice plans to lose body fat percentage without weights?
My wife has had als/mnd(motor neuron disease) since the past 3 years.?
Come eliminare fastidiose caccole ai lati dell'occhio al risveglio?
"Birmingham, al oxycodone prescribing doctors?"
Question about protein intake?
Questions about hiit and weight loss?
I'm not getting my period but i'm not pregnant?
What is muscle twitch?
"Bleeding gums, what could be the cause?"
Just started recently and i cannot brush my teeth properly cause it hurts. could there be a cause or is it cause i'm brusing too hard?
Are magicians possibly sociopaths?
How can i live without eating at all?
King hussein cancer center jordan phone numbers?
Does this mean im gettting my first period soon?
Bf would rather hang with his buddies?
"I am 13 year old boy,and i have hair al over my body.. why ?"
"I am really light skin, and i don't want to make my arms dark or tan, here in texas is 94f i think, and the highest spf will work?"
When do you like it best?
Is this all my mental health?
Does it have any side effects?
I'm really worried for my mom advice please?
I have a question about tremors?
Extreme pain in hands when cold?
Does this mean ill be getting my first period soon?
What exactly is anxiety?
Am i getting my first period anytime soon?
Assalamualaykum. pleased translate in classical arabic in romanarabic script.: 1. describe the pain of your t?
 pleased describe the pain on your tooth. 2. how long has it been in pain?
What's better to eat?
Which has better nutrition?
Adams unsalted peanut butter healthy?
Should i still work out?
Recently diagnosed for scabies need a lot of questions answered?
Ive lost 15+ pounds in 3 weeks. is this healthy?
Do you give vasopressin during cpr?
"I'm 16 years old, 4'11 and a size 14 am i 'fat'?"
"So im kinda on a health kick, i work security so i kust sit here all night. but when im bored i get hungry, is it ok to munch on sunflower seeds?"
I'm suppose to take a lot of vitamin's (doc's order) is there a way i dont?
What is this food called?
Just.. read and help me?
Why does it hurt over here ?
Was this my first period?
"Health related problems of men ,gents.?"
Was osama bin laden a psychopath?
I am 15 yrs old and my height is 5'4..i am a girl..and i do want more height..is it possible?
I got my periods when i was 10 yrs old..what should i do to increase my height?
Female circumcision - your opinion?
Is this a healthy breakfast?
Best psychiatrist in dubai?
"Can anyone tell me, is there any good psychiatrist in dubai?"
Is muscular dystrophy genetic?
Antibiotic (doxycycline hyclate 100mg) question?
"Suicide problems, please help!!!!?"
Can i use nair for my bf's ***?
Very depressed 15 year. old boy.?
Are these foods aloud on atkins?
Is this too much alcohol?
Do i have e. coli poisoning?
Symptoms fibermialouga?
Sick; strange squeak in throat.?
"Hookah sickness, smokers answers please?"
Help with thread worm/pin worm?
Emt- ambulance or er tech?
I'm not sure which course to take?
"Bro, do you even lift?"
Chronic appendicitis?
I need some mental help.. please?
Pain in right ear help!!!?
Questions about my son's diabetes ?
Tips on loosing weight?
Do you think im depressed?
Saturated fat..help!?
Lump in child's neck?
"Oral pills, will i get acne again?"
My blood test showed a high liver number?
We have a patient of 62 years old came to er with acute mi then delerium occured after 24 hours?
Should i be worried about these results?
Okay so ive recently had to quit my gym so im trying my own thing and need to know if it will work?
Have high levels of alt (sgpt) and ast (sgot). what does that mean?
High alt levels for liver and high cholesterol - should i worry?
Blood test show that my alt is high?
"I am worried about my health, is there anybody to help me?"
"I am afraid i might have kidney or liver disease or failure, and nobody will lsten to me!?"
Help with my two and a half year old's blood test results?
What is wrong with the bottom of my big toe?
1 month old daughter with high fever and diarrhea for 6days.?
A question regarding fatty infiltration of the liver.?
Anyone know what the alanine aminotransferse (alt) levels are in 2006?
Wanted to know about the blood test report named alt?
"All plus 400 except total protein which was 82, my ast was 695, my alt, was 560, can anyone tell me why?"
I am a 14 year old boy and want to be fit but can't be bothered?
What do you think of my current beard growth?
How to not plateau and ge strong using pushups?
I want to get strong and i don't want to plateau any ideas?
I have had strange results from a liver enzyme test. how bad is it and what does it mean?
My alt blood test number for liver was high?
Friday because i recently got high liver enzymes alt n ast levels. do you know what the problem can be?
Is it ok to request a perscription by name?
"I am worried about my liver, please help me?"
Alt levels are coming down?
Ast and alt results are very high?
High alt liver results?
How do i get a body like this?
Alt and ast question?
Elevated alt and ast?
Elevated ast/alt results?
What do these tests results mean?
Im skinny but i have a big stomach?
Hbsag test result non reactive nd the patient value is 0.22 what does that indicate?
"Autoimmune, inflammatory, cancer, my liver?"
I do 3 sets of 12 reps but wont fatigue until the final set..time to increase weight?
 year old high platelet 433 and swollen cluster lymph nodes tummy slightlt elevated liver enzymes?
"She had really watery poo that day, the doc said its a viral infection and told me to stop worrying?"
Is my testosterone too low?
How to make muscles stronger in 15 days?
I had a test for hepatitis b surface antigenthe result was ''reactive(850.2)''..?
Interpret blood test results?
"Does having this much muscle look good or bad,?"
I just got these out of range from my blood test : please see below?
Birth control missed and didn't notice?
This has anything to do with this missed day. any suggestions?
Am i too fat for a bikini?
Will i look bad with braces?
Pathology: a metabolic perspective question?
What is this bump under my tongue?
What kind of bug is this?
Is this a parasite in my stool?
Very low testosterone in young male help! 26?
Am i lifting weights too much?
Help me read my blood test result!?
0. should i be concerned?
I need gym workout songs?
Do i have a lazy eye pic included?
Please help my feet smell ?
I woke up with a swollen eye?
Is this petechiae or what?
"Dear sir/madam , sgpt 161 :( worried?"
"Water retention - kidneys, liver problem?"
"Blood test results - alp, fsh/lh?"
No one cares about me?
Push/pull workout advice any experience?
What do you guys think?
Please help! stabbing pains lower left abdomen?
"Am i getting abs, i can't tell.?"
Urgent* spider bite..ingrown hair?
What color are my eyes?
Please help! stabbing left side pains?
Infected piercing help?
What hospital test does this do?
"Worried about blood test results, any professionals here?"
Please! what is the best alt for xanax?
Please best alt for xanax?
Supplements do they really make a big difference?
Has anyone tried shakology from beachbody?
Needing advice on liver enzyme issue?
Hepatis/liver cancer stage 3b/bacterial infection/ urine ascites?
"Help me with a weightlifting routine,?"
Supplement advice please?
Could this be liver damage?
Did i have a simple partial seizure?
"You are against it, explain why. and also, do you think using alternative medicine is a viable replacement for modern day medicine?"
Which is the best text-book to learn alternative medicine?
Why does alternative medicine exist?
I wish to know the benefits of shilajeet in one's health if taken in small quantities?
Any advice for first time volunteer at a clinic?
It yourself without buying her book. does anyone know of a specific alternative medicine remedy i can try at home?
"Anyone know the source of the claim that the pediatric (childhood) cancer rate is up 10,000% in 50 years?"
Do you think insecure alternative medicine practitioners don't believe in what they're doing?
"I want to be a holistic doctor, any tips?"
Alternative medicine is as effective as scientific medicine. what is your opinon?
What would an alternative health practitioner want with dental plaque?
Don't you think the alternative medicine section should go?
"How about hatha yoga, does it increase height?"
What will happen is i take too many pills?
How to apply relevant theories to communication in health and social care context?
I have heard it will help?
Best hospital(s) for alternative medicine?
What are the best hospital(s) for alternative medicine?
Evidence based data on herbal/alternative medicine?
The needle of my sewing machine went almost through my finger earlier today.?
"Because i have read about their very painful side effects. is there any alternative medicine , home remedy or anything that can help me?"
Medicines. any other alternative medicines?
Poor eyesight or at least lessen eye-grades?
Alternative to a gastroenterologist?
"Another doctor tell me i'm fine. where else can i go, what else can i do as far as alternative medicine?"
Alternative to co-codamol 30/500 (solphadol)?
"Penis issue, i need help!?"
Should i be concerned about it?
How alternative therapy can help ?
I mean how is a person supposed to know if what they are taking works?
Kannada language need ayurveda medicine for brest canser?
Alternative medicine birmingham uk?
I have had the thought of death on my mind constantly for 3years.?
About alternative medicine scientists?
"Please i av eczema on my face and it is spreading to my back,please what can i do?"
"Girls, do you enjoy a foot massage?"
"Girls, provided that it doesn't tickle, do you enjoy having your feet massaged?"
What supplements should i take?
Have you ever known anyone who used this therapy?
Electrolyte drinks versus vitamins?
Which is better for long term use?
Body growth from maca and fenugreek?
"Ok so basically, who dosent want a curvaceous body ey?"
Would this really help my sinuses ?
"Fluanxol questions, help please?"
Curing hiv with collaidal silver. your experience..?
Best laxative in my house?
Mom high chance of cancer?
Help with nremt test?
Feeling sick all the time ?
Can't sleep at night.?
"Please guys, i need a cure?"
 month baby has a cough!?
!!!!!!!!!! read please !!!!!!!!!!!!?
Hi does any one know if there any products that will keep someone with alzheimer's busy and occupied?
"Is this an unethical shady doctor, or he is really trying to help my mother who suffers from alzheimer's?"
Has anyone used the shampoo in a cap on an alzheimer's patient?
Has anyone heard of or used the shampoo in a cap?
What it was. but i'm only 40. would someone with alzheimer's remember what they were going to look up again?
Can i talk to a family members doctor about them becoming increasing violent and loss of mental function?
I am depressed and i need help finding any job now before i commit suicide?
How do i deal with an evil aunt?
How does a 5k walk for breast cancer work?
Anyone who is familiar with alzheimer's or other kinds of dementia?
Help needed in differential diagnosis of a psych disorder?
Diagnosis would you come up with?
My mom has some type of disease affecting her brain?
Why is heredity so lame most of the time?
Is it ok to commit suicide if you have alzheimers?
My dad is on comfort care for the past 72 hrs with l collapsed long and a very bad phenomena. he is also?
I am a 54 year old woman who has lost about 50 pounds over the last two years?
Alzheimers mom will not be content at home! she always always has to be out driving!?
My father thinks there really is a cure for cancer?
Could my father be right?
What kind of job is this?
What are the odds of me having alzheimers or dementia?
Does anyone know what is going on inside my stomach?
Was the loss of memory due to fatigue?
"Please, someone, please tell me a way to help or get rid of depersonalization,its driving me insane?"
"Never be better again and i might die from a mental disease like alzheimers, skitzophrenia or something?"
"My grandad has alzheimer's.. i sat with him today, and i want to help him what do i do?"
Can alzheimer's be genetic in my family?
My grandmother has alzheimers disease and i need some information.?
Do you think people with dementia should be allowed assisted suicide?
I'm scared my mom has alzheimer's i need someone to talk to! anyone please!?
Removal of plaques in alzheimer's disease?
If you we're able to remove plaques from alzheimer's disease would that allow the nerves to grow back and function properly?
Healthy but yummy things to eat on a diet to lose weight with exercise?
Strange twitch that started in my finger?
How can i help figure out whats wrong with my boyfriends grandma?
How does cancer rate in terms of leading causes of death in america?
Which of the following diseases / disorders would you like to see being cured in the next few years?
Alzheimer's disease information needed?
About how many people die in a day from diseases and types of illnesses?
"Grandmother on my mother's side, and my grandfather on my father's side has alzheimer's. are there any preventative measures you can take against it?"
Challenges for alzheimer's disease cure?
Am i developing alzheimers?
Have also declined some what. could i be developing alzheimers disease prematurely?
I've heard that dolls are good for alzheimers patients. is there a specific kind and where can i find it?
Alzheimer's disease (genetic)?
"Grandma has alzheimer's, please read on.?"
"The older my grandpa gets, the younger he acts?"
My dad is 92 and is in the bathroom constantly?
His whole house smells like feces. what is the problem?
Is it possible to grow taller like 5'4 or 5'5 if my genes are short?
Alzheimer's disease and personality change?
"Alzheimers question, confused :(?"
I have no idea why i have it but i have a drama exam on monday and i can barely speak because of this mouth ulcer cuz it hurts really badlyany advice?
Could i have alzheimer's?
Dealing with a relative with alzheimers.?
Does this sound like beginning alzheimer's?
The equivalent of a tantrum for days about it. does this sound like alzheimer's or something else?
I weigh in at about 321lbs. i would love to lose weight. any tips?
Does me noodles cause alzheimer's ?
"I eat a lot of noodles and now i'm 13 and i really wanna have sex with my cat, am i diabetic or do i have alzheimer's?"
Does my mom have alzheimer's?
Said she doesn't remember telling me at all. it feels all new to her. is this a sign of alzheimer's?
What are my chances of developing dementure?
Stress effects on memory/dealing with death?
Does anyone know where i can find any good games for alzheimers patients?
I love to masturbation but i read that scientists say masturbation cause alzheimer iam lost i love do it?
"Do i have depression and if so, what should i do?"
Do they die still knowing stuff or being essentially vegetables?
6 year old mom has chronic utis?
How to completely forget about someone?
Blood sugar levels: what is a good guide?
I'm worried that i might have amnesia or alzheimers?
I really need to know. a friend of mine says she's got alzhemier is it possible for a young 14 year old to get one?
Moms potential breast cancer?
I know it's long but please i really need help?
 ways to calms the senses in alzheimers?
Nursing home decision please help?
Depression and memory loss?
Such troubling memory loss?
"Is it a ""normal"" memory loss?"
Ask is : is he suffering a kind of dementia/alzheimer disease (early stage)?
Alcholism after diagnosis?
Help memory loss getting worse?
I've heard eating almonds are good but dont no the reasons..help?
My fiance's brother lives with us. he has a serious garbage hoarding disorder.?
Do i have a mental illness?
"It's usually less green than ""mixed greens"" or spinach. what do you think?"
Terrified my dad has fatal familial insomnia. put my mind at ease?
Depression and breathing?
It true that people with depression are at high risk of getting alzheimer's when they get older because they're brains lack oxygen?
Problems with memory and concentration- struggling to comprehend life?
Does anyone experience short term memory loss on xanax?
"Good god thinking a certain date was just yesterday, then realize it's a few days later?"
Young so it's not like i'm middle aged-elderly where it could be alzheimer's. anyone else ever just get like this?
Going to my gramps's funeral?
About what my mum might have?
Does my mom have something like alzheimer's disease?
Why am i so out of it?
Growing up with death.?
My dads in great shape and hes 84 - we lost my mom to alzheimers last year?
Mom 87. severe alzheimers beyond reason. very deep cancerous place on face. refuses treatment?
Concerned i may have breast cancer at 15?
Why does my mouth feel infected?
What is alzheimer's disease?
I'm only 19 and have to care for an alzheimer's patient! :(?
"What is allgimers, how many type of allgimers and what is treatment of it.?"
And how does it cause death among the elderly?
About altzheimers disease and the symptoms?
Do alzheimers patients lie?
My mother-in-law has alzheimer's?
My nan has dimentia - how to cope?
Moisturisers you can use on your vagina?
Cold symptoms > is this normal?
What to expect with dementia?
No water intake cause of dehydration?
I'm scared to go to sleep?
"I can't specifically just say why, i just am. eery night is overwhelming and really emotional for me just to go to sleep. help?"
Creative ideas for disease project?
Do you die from all timers?
My pawpaw is 60 something and he has all timers and i'm really worried for him but my real question is can you die from it?
What is the cause of this disorder?
What illness do i have?
Is my grandma hallucinating?
I'm diabetic & my hba1c level is 6.8.today i got knw that my cholestrol is high & ldl is upto 157.?
Will people ever accept gary taubes' book where he points out that low fat diets are ?
Counterproductive and just slow down your metabolism?
Is fasting healthy or not?
What is a neurologist ?
Horrible memory and only 23?
What's bad about cigarettes.?
Help my grandfather's losing his mind?
Psychiatrist..suddenly what happen to me?
Do you ever get over the death of a parent?
Questions about e- cigarettes?
I have a question about a drug?
Mental disorder / overanalysis?
I can't take this anymore?
Also declined some what. could i be developing alzheimers disease prematurely?
 is he suffering a kind of dementia/alzheimer disease (early stage)?
My father has alzimer.?
My life is getting carzy & lazy?
How would i know if i am turned on by p3n!$?
Do i have a fetish or just an interest?
I don't want people saying 'are you sure your turned on?
Do i have inverted nipples?
Are these weird turn-ons?
Arm and hammer toothpaste safe with amalgam filling?
Can't tell if i just got a composite or amalgram filling?
A question about having tooth fillings removed?
Does my filling need to be filed down?
"Dentist broke my good tooth, is this normal?"
"Possible. i have heard about the two different types in it, the dental amalgam and resin filling. which one is the best and why?"
I got a bunch of amalgam fillings?
"Dentist put in glass ionomer filling after root canal treatment, do i need to change to composite?"
Are my teeth causing chronic fatigue?
Questions about an amalgam filling?
I want to fill hole in my teeth: technical options that i dont understand?
Filling: normal-amalgam closer to natural tooth colour which option is better?
My tooth feels weird when brushing?
"First of all, could someone please explain to me what causes cavities in simple terms?"
Dental survey for research: how many of you have mercury amalgam fillings in your mouth?
Amalgam fillings look grey?
Why are fats containing double bonds better?
Is it possible to get 10 cavities?
Spiritual friends: what do you think about diamondlite fillings to replace my mercury fillings?
Anyone out there with mercury metal filing?
Are your making you sick?
I think i broke my new filling?
What are these repetitive motions?
I wear my retainers and have alot of problems?
Pain after a filling?
Dark brown spot on near tooth?
Truth about bad and good fats?
Bicuspids turning dark?
Dental crowns while pregnant?
Strange tooth ache in molar?
New fillings feel rough?
Health effects of monounsaturated fats?
Do any dentist still use amalgam?
Extreme sensitivity after filling?
Name of bite-powered amalgam packer?
"Basically, i'm a mess and my mouth is killing me.?"
Do silver caps contain mercury too?
Is this a healthy lifestyle?
"In oral xrays, what do the white highlights signify?"
I'm going to get my mercury fillings removed and i do not want to replace them?
A good balanced diet?
Part of tooth is missing?
Left molar got dull ache?
Dental care cavity question.?
Questions about the dentist scared!?
The dentist found my first cavity?
Help with concussion problems?
How terrible would it be to die of rabies?
Would doctors in canada be able to give you enough pain killers and sedation to make you comfortable?
Of taking a half a pill?
Would my doctor prescribe something for sleeping for this issue?
A doctor prescribe me some sleeping meds like ambien or something?
What the hell is with that sleeping pill (ambien)!?
I took my first ambien last night and saw double?
Prescription for sleep?
What class action law suits are open for ambien?
Would you try this sleep medicine again?
What will happen if i tell my doctor i've been abusing my sleeping meds?
"Switched form lunesta 3mg to ambien 10mg, want to quit cold turkey?"
"(inthe morning), and i can't sleep. should i take ambien or doxylamine?"
To love to sleep can i get that back?
"I am losting it, what can i do?"
"Has anyone ordered ambien and recieved an oblong white pill with no numbers or logos, just scored on one side?"
I got some but i'm worried they're fake. has anyone ever tried these and had them work for them?
"Wall drenched in bug spray, can i sleep in that room again?"
"Sleep paralysis, loud ringing in head before sleep, obes, voices in my head?"
What happens when you take one ambien?
My boyfriend never took them before and we were wondering what would happen. any help please?
What pills can someone take to kill themselves?
Ambien dose cut mandatory for women?
Is it true you can get ****** up by takeing to many ambien?
"I am never feeling physically well, any ideas/suggestions would be appreciated?"
Does this constitute as an overdose?
I cant sleep. my mind is constantly awake with different negative thought and medication has not helped?
I need to know what will happen to my blood pressure!!!?
I have no sleep problems or insomnia but i just want to try it out. would that mess up my regular sleep patterns?
How can i fall asleep at night?
Antidepressants are bad for me?
My daughter had a literal mental breakdown?
How many can i take in one day?
I have abused ambien and lunesta since they were aproved by fda.?
Will i ever be able to sleep again?
Death or coma from ambien and alcohol?
Will i die from an overdose?
I have 200 mg of ambien and 60 grams of gabapentin. will i die and what would be the side effects of the overdose?
Has anyone recovered from muscle twitching (bfs) ?
What should i do (ambien)?
"Friend's father can't sleep, hallucinating?"
I need help right away if your gonna lecture don't answer!!!!?
Question about prescriptions?
I need help i don't know what might happen to her !!!?
Diagnose my sleep disorder?
I need to know what's going on with my !!!!?
"I feel weird today, do you think it's because..?"
Help with restless leg syndrome?
Addicted to pills and alcohol worried about her!?
For sleep which is best ambien or vistaril?
I need serious help right away this could be a life or death situation!!!!!!!!!!?
This girl keeps wrecking her car?
Why can't i ever sleep?
What is it like to be an inpatient?
"I'm working on my statement of purpose essay for my med school application and i'm curious, what's it like to be an inpatient in a hospital?"
Should i sign myself into a mental hospital?
Please help i have scitzoaffective?
"Med card for insomnia, actual insomnia?"
Never physically feeling well?
Question about clonazepam?
Getting more medications?
Could this kill someone?
" mg of xanax, 150 mg of ambien, and a lot of alcohol?"
I cannot sleep!!!! what is wrong with me?
Zolpidem and dayquil?
I can't sleep. ever.?
There anything i can do?
Severe insomnia please help?
"Ptsd, can't take anti-depressants?"
I need help with my insomnia.?
Help me! i have chronic insomnia!!!!?
"Bad insomnia, suggestions?"
Do i have schizophrenia?
Does anyone else dream less when taking ambien?
Please help abuse of prescription drugs!?
Addicted to going to bed late?
Why did i feel so ill in the middle of the night?
Alternative to antipsychotics for sleep?
Took over 60 mg of ambien cr. help?
What would happen at this dose?
My ambien iant working?
I popped one and snorted one and it's been two and a half hours. why don't i barely feel anything?
Whatonly sleeping 2-4 hours a night. help!?
Hospitalization for insomnia?
Why haven't i slept for two weeks?
Zolpidem addiction and dont know wtf to do?
Ignorance toward persmality disorder etc?
Need help sleeping. any advice?
Is there help for trouble sleeping?
I always feel sleepy?
Please help i can't sleep?
Question about sleep?
My sister taking hydroxzyine?
Question about ambiguous genital?
Can it form during puberty not always has an infant?
Im 16 and i have amblyopia. i believe refractive becausei join the marines with amblyopia?
Is the marine vision requirement with or without glasses?
Im 15 years old and have amblyopia but my eye doctor will not give me no contacts any help?
Should i take my 3 yr old to a neurologist?
What do all these number mean on my eyeglasses prescription?
"Obviously strabismus can cause amblyopia, but can it go the other way around as well?"
My 5 year old has been given this eye prescription by the optician - how bad is it?
I cannot see far objects clearly for the last three yrs. i have etching eyes very often and sometimes the?
My lazy eye which is my left eye is so much smaller than my right eye?
Is there anyway to fix it or make it less noticeable?
Amblyopia (lazy eye)?
Lasik surgery with lazy eye question?
Lying about eye surgery on meps?
Will wearing an eyepatch help my eye?
Pls help m in gr8 trouble?
Amblyopia in squint can it improve after 25 yrs of age?
A treatment for amblyopia in adults?
"Lazy eye (amblyopia, strabismus) question ?"
Amblyopia (lazy one)?
/20 vision and amblyopia.?
Have a got a lazy eye?
"Loook at this picture off my eyes, is something different?"
Problem with my right eye?
Problem with eye contact?
Wellit's about my convergence insufficiency?
How to tell which eye is lazy?
Should i get a second opinion?
To see the last line on an eye exam chart at the doctor?
Click if you're a nurse! do you ever get sick from work?
"Because you're a nurse and work with sick people, do you ever come home with illnesses from your patients?"
How do i know i did the squat chalenge the correct way to make my butt bigger?
How long for a beginner to gain 25 pounds of muscle?
"Eat,lift and sleep right using creatine and protein shakes in the morning amd after a workout how much can a beginner gain?"
How to lose 20lbs in 2 months or less/ will losing weight help grow slightly taller as well?
Why do my boobs grow after a meal and over night?
How long until i start looking more toned?
All fears emd in 'phobia' amd have wierd names but do u no the name to be afraid of sleeping at someone elses?
I sliced my the point of my index finger using a knife?
How long until i see a difference on my body ?
How long will it be till i see results or a difference?
How many sets should i do when working out?
Can an head injury that happened years ago come in future?
When do you stop feeling hungry when water fasting?
Day do the hunger pains usually go away?
How to stay cool at work?
And including green tea bags if so will it help me lose weight amd reach my goal?
I have a weird obsession with someone that goes to my school?
I am scared to go on a diet and go back to my eating disorder?
How can i be sexier for my boyfriend?
Is thia the right amount of sleep for a teenage male?
Why did i have acne all if the sudden?
What kinds of food should i eat if i'm on a diet?
Hi im 13 1/2 and i have been drinking juice and peeing every hour or so for the last 3-4 wks?
Anyone knw a respiratory therapists or is one?
I was exercising on my daily routine and suddenly got a ringing in ears and turned pale.?
Have i eaten too little or is this good?
Can someone help my friend she is very confused from an experience?
When you go to the health department do they test you for stds and hiv and herpes.?
Im freaking out do i have an eating disorded?
What damage am i doing to my body?
What are you suppose to feel like when you're rolling x?
Why am i ssooo tired?
I am a male 45 yrs old. i am having severe pain in my entire body more specifically in the chest and back of?
Me and my boyfriend had sex and some creamy thing came out of my vagina?
Out of no where we stopped beceause i thought he cumed on me amd he said some creamy substance came out of me ?
"Anything else i do have dry sensitive skin anyways..ive tried oats amd yoghurt remodies and they have not workes, what should i do?"
What could be wrong woth my baby girl?
I might be prego can someone please help me?
Im on a 1200 calorie diet and not losing weight.?
Burning feeling on left side of stomach! please dont let it be appendicitis?
Weight and muscle gain with ectomorphic body type?
Why almost every time someone makes me mad does it feel like i want to hurt them?
"And feel really fat if i miss a week at the gym:'( i also sometimes can't stop eating,amd then i feel fat:'( what is wrong with me?"
Why do i always get an erection when i do this?
This question is really worryin me and im curious abiut it please give me clues?
Non hormonal methods of birth control?
I have a cut in my vagina i need some answers about it?
There and itchy also swollen and red so i felt around down there amd felt i had a cut so how long does it take to heal?
My mom is wont listen to me about my cutting and eating disorder cause she mad at me?
Having problems with vitamins amd body reactions and erection?
Why do i have loads of spots all over my face?
Im a 15 year old girl im 5'9 amd weigh 158 pounds do i need to lose weight?
If so what is the best way to lose weight?
Can a 13 year old lift weights that are 10 pounds?
 year old lower right and centre heavy and stabbing pain?
How long do you stay in the hospital if you were bleeding?
How to loose weight and tone..?
I dont feel emotions whats wrong with me?
Is it an acne rash or heat rash or cysts?
It feels like somerhing wants to come out my penis whole when i urinate and it hurts amd burns sometimes?
Will medicare cover short term nursing home stay?
"Everyday but if im not working my abs, will i not get the results i want. amd fyi i am eating clean. any advice on what i can do?"
I have muscle on my stomach amd how do i get rid of fat?
Anxiety and stress cause heart attack at 23?
Of heart problems. basically how long would it take before my anxiety amd stress do damage to my heart?
I feel the urge to cut myself?
The more you weight harder it is to gain weight!?
I don't know how to eat normally?
Im not eating but im not hungry?
Is this a good women diet to get more fit?
I have scizephrenia and depression someone please give good advice only or be reported?
Do i have a cold sore or something more serious?
This whole year has been a nightmare?
Why do i feel like i fail at everything?
What's causing these constant headaches?
How to get stronger ?
Is my knuckle bruised or broken?
I have an old mole removal scar from when i was 10 amd it recently started to be painful and full of pus.?
I'm 15 amd 5'8 how tall will i grow up to be ?
How does sex feel like?
Do i need to go to docter?
What could be this lump on back of neck.?
Why do i get so paranoid?
"Question, why am i like this?"
Unprotected sex for like 30 sec to a minute and i'm scared please help?
Why does arma 2 lag when im above recommended specs?
Am i over reacting or is am i being abused?
Does she have issues that she's been hiding?
Are 10lbs dumbbells good enough ?
Unprotected sex for like a minute or so and i'm scared?
How do you get over someone. please help?
Love handles:/ how to get rid of them?
Should i tell people i might have had a seizure?
After extraction how it suppose to look?
"Why am i ill,what is it called?"
Help me someone please can all thses be fixed?
How to stop stuffy and runny nose?
Can someone teach me how to be cool with girls because i have no idea what i'm doing?
"For doctors especially, do i have serious untreated health problems?"
Do i have an eating disorder?
When will i start my period?
I hate being stupid and depressed?
Do you have to pay for counseling?
Had sex the 24th & got a regular period after and a couple days after it ended i bleed for 3 days amd cramped?
Why is the tv talking to me?
How to tell my parents i self harm?
Heart rate slowing in the nightvhelp?
Lo lestrin fe birth control question?
Im worried i have an infection?
How tall will i be help me?
I am 13 years old please help?
Is it weird that i drink amd eat this stuff like there's no tomorrow?
My mom wont listen to me about my self harm cause shes mad?
What is causing my headaches?
Why aren't i going through puberty?
Help i thinkmits a ingrown fingernail?
Am i over weight or not amd wat would be a good weight if i am?
Guys can you help out a loser who wants to die?
Why is my pelvis hard?
Only if u have ocd answer this please?
My body won't allow me to gain weight?
Am i losing wright the right way!?
Why does my balls smell like ham?
Best friend of 10 years cut all contact abruptly.?
Questions about hot flashes and thyroid problems?
I think something is wrong with me someone please help!!!!?
I masturbated and some blood came out?
Pressure and pain in ear?
Then i swallow and kinda pops if my head tips or i bend over the pressue amd pain is way more. do i need to go to the doc or no?
"That is curved in..like kinda makes your stomach poke out (lordoso) amd you have a ""hunchback""..do people with ms have this or no?"
Unprotected sex for a like a minute so and i'm scared please help!?
Pro and con of the pill?
Answer if u have ocd please?
Very sad stress insecure about my body?
I am going to starve myself at 500 cal answer my question not health advice?
Small white bump on my penis shaft?
Help i'm really worried (more detail included on why)?
Attach back whats your opinion on this?
Is this healthy to eat?
Water is that ok to eat per day?
After 8-9month my bf and i haven't had sex?
My dog has a lump on one side of the body?
What is wrong with my friend ?
Do you think i could have anxiety?
Pls pls i'm desperate for an answer?
Why do i stop talking to people?
Could i have a brain problem?
So what can this be and what do i do?
How do you not get erections while talking to girls?
Male classmate hit me at school i'm scared to go there now?
Bad constipation please help?
Is it saposed to be wet?
So i need some answers someone help?
Maladaptive daydreaming?
I need to loose 10-15 lbs!! but ive been slacking?
Am i getting pink eye?
My vagina being really itchy!help?
Weird chest pains please help?
Ve done nothing to damage ribs or my inner chest. should i try amd let it pass or see a.doctor?
Ocd anxiety problems please answer?
Why haven't my periods started?
Pain on tip of clit please help?
"Im told i have ptsd, very bad anxiety?"
"Do i have ""daddy issues""?"
Help with joining a gym?
Any chance for height?
Will people look at me and think i'm beefy?
Im faint-hearted but?
I couldn't breath during a fight?
I am going to kill myself help asap me this is very important!!!! guy posted my nudes on twitter!?
Hip and knee joint pain?
Why am i gaining weight?
"Headache all week, left temple?"
Butt enlargement pills?
Could it be breast cancer?
I feel like im losing my mind?
Yeast infection or something else?
Plz help me im goin crazy im scared !!?
I have a lot of them on my face amd i want to if there's any way to get rid of then using natural items?
Shaving legs questions?
Why do i like eating less?
I took plan b/ next choice pill?
"Nutrients needed for a 5'2"" teenage boy?"
Am i still gunna grow?
Will my penis grow to if i grow?
Had two back teeth removed. pain?
Im asking again and being more clear. peeing blood! help?
Someone please help find a slolition?
Please help me:( plannedparenthood?
Want to loose weight. but can't stop eating.?
Pregnacy questions.. could i be?
What happened to my knee?
"Fever, stomach ache help?"
"Weight gain, binging, help asap :(?"
I got a problem: snoring! help!?
Did i have my period?
Plastic surgery question?
Is someone under 200 pounds?
"Help with sleep, causing problems.?"
Psychological query need help really qickely please help!!?
Wake up with headaches?
This happen before and the only way to get rid of it is to go back to sleep amd tylenol doesn't help !!!any advice!!?
Too scared to say no?
Urinrary tract infection :(. help please women. 10pts?
"Low carb, high protein diet?"
Do i have tapeworms!?
I don't get period cramps?
Help me control my anger. please?
Is this a healthy diet?
I think i might have threadworms?
 negative tests.. buy late period..?
 negative tests but late period..?
Signs of depression..?
Hel me realy bad pain in chest shoulder and back?
Are these signs of anxiety or panic attacks ?
And 3x a week one hour cardio. how much weight can i loose by september?
Am 18 would i look the same at age 19 amd 20?
Im 17 amd getting my baby k9s pulled! question!!?
Do you think i'm im-mature despite these following things are needs?
"I need help, is this normal?"
Why isn't your teeth always striaght ?
"Forget about someone knocking it but apart from that, when i was little i never suck figner and my teeth is bucked out?"
Please help me with disorder?
Don't know what kind of disorder this is?
What do i do next ( period cramps)?
Been feeling dizzy for 5 months now after passing out and?
How to do the splits?
Is there a reason to live anymore?
Men's help only please and thank you?
Scared to destress in life?
Girls only:big spot on private parts?
Help!!!! i hate my body!!!?
Anxiety over recent health.?
Major tampon problems!?
Covering self-harm scars?
Teen meeting a guy (help)?
Am i eating enough to fuel my active lifestyle?
Dilemma between losing weight and amenorrhea?
Sipping every other month menstrual cycle?
Ya if you never get it throughout your life. i think there's a name for that.. amenorrhea?
Should i take birth control again?
Why i don't have period one year now ?
Is this normal for a 13 year old who got their period when they were 12 to miss their period?
Do i have amenorrhea?
Black cohosh - amenorrhea?
Why do i have to gain weight?
Plateaued at. why do i have to gain more then that?
Like what comes along with being anorexic?
What mental illness do i have ?
Do i have to eat loads to make myself sick?
No period for 2 months in a row- tested negative?
Black cohosh results question?
Could i have a brain tumour?
Assitence with nutrition questions. please help me?
Why am i not getting my period?
Missed period question?
You think it's a higher possibility that i'm pregnant or have amenorrhea (delayed period)?
Weird periods on the depo shot?
Questions about calories?
"Nutriton questions (study guide, not test)?"
Basic health questions 4?
I lost my period!! help!!!!!!?
What would my condition be?
My friend want to lose weight by starving herself?
Does this mean i am starting my period?
"Like myfittnesspal, quitter, since is free what else is there?"
Is this secondary amenorrhea?
Amenorrhea question..?
Help! i don't think my body is absorbing the iron pills?
I didn't get my period for over 5 months?
Help! i'm 14 and don't know if my period is coming?
My period i late and im getting worred?
No period for three months?
Could i have lost my period forever?
Iud mirena experiences?
"I never started my period, ?"
"Anorexic, binges, strong cravings, and more?"
"I'm 15 and still no period, help!?"
Im concerned about my mirena..?
Am i anorexic or bulimic?
Virgin but missed period?
Im 11 if you are wondering and im a virgin hello!! but i missed my period.. am i pregnant?
Polycystic ovarian syndrome?
"I'm 25yrs, for past 5month now i have not seen my period and it has been like this?"
I never get my period anymore?
 periods one months 8 days apart?
Question about periods?
Period problems! help!!!?
Please help: low body temperature+headache mostly above right eye etc.(below)?
Surgery/amiodarone how should dosaging be adjust?
Supraventricular tachycardia or multifocal atrial tachycardia?
Has anyone experienced frequent urination with amitriptyline?
"How did you feel when you came off amitriptyline(anxiety, deppression med)?"
The thought of swallowing tablets makes me feel sick?
Should i see a neurologist or different doctor?
The street and cut off somebody's head with a very sharp-bladed sword. will amitriptyline stop me from thinking this same thought every morning?
 years of suffering: will amitriptyline (endep) help me?
"At me, and said ""have you ever tried amitriptyline""?"
My physio told me that my doctor should not have prescribed my pain meds together?
A 64-year-old white male appears to be depressed 2 weeks after hospital discharge for a myocardial infarction?
The following would be most appropriate at this point?
Have tachycardia. doc prescribed amitriptyline?
 any idea of how i can get my life back?
 questions: slipped disc in lower back and will amitriptyline help my refractory phobic/anxiety state?
Amitriptyline for both depression and tmj (facial pain) ?
"Is here anyone who is suffering from mental ill like anxiety disorder,depression,ocd, etc?"
"Help, i have perpetual exercise induced headaches?"
"Chronic migraine, neurologist is now suggesting an antidepressant?"
Amitriptyline overdose?
Amitriptyline and alcohol?
Im 24 i have constant dizzyness and headaches. my doctor said i have anxiety as i feel high dizzy around peopl?
Why do i always have a headache?
Ritalin + amitriptyline + tramadol ! any reasons not to try this?
Overdose on amitriptyline?
Did amitriptyline affect the level of blood sugar?
Really need help. what wrong is going with me. i am worried all day. i feel dizzy all day. i am so nervous. so?
I have a really horrible headache. i have tried everythin. everything!?
Am i addicted to prescription tablets?
Why is this happening?
"Is this lethal for a 125lb woman, 41 yrs old?"
How can i cheer my boyfriend up?
Is this a migraine attack?
Is this stress symptoms?
"Shoulder injury, physio insists nothing wrong?"
Anti-deppressants help?
Overdose side effects?
The cause of vaginal bleeding?
Headaches from hell!?
"Amitriptyline (endep) for severe, chronic pain syndromes?"
Major fear of flying! please help!?
I am suffering from diarrhea.?
(10 points for the best answer) why do i get nervous easily?
My friend is searching for a self euthasia method. he wants to know how quickly this drug will work. are there any places you can go to for advise?
"I currently take 45mg mirtazapine, 800 mg quetiapine, 20mg diazapam, 20 mg amitriptyline and 7.5 mg zopiclone.?"
Help identifying a pill i found?
Question about tegretol?
I have 3000mg of tegretol; 200mg pills. is this lethal enough?
Unexplained bruising?
Blurry vision. headache. dizzy?
Scared of telling my friends that i've been diagnosed with leukaemia?
"If it's not caught quickly and if you refuse treatment, how long can it take to kill you?"
Which is more effective?
On ultrasound it says echogenic foci on each kidney differential includes aml versus nonshadowing stone. help?
Out that it was aml but need to know which one (fabdiagnosis?
Piercings after transplant?
On my ultrasound it came back saying.tiny echogenic focix1 in each kidney. differential inclides small aml?
Know what kind of things i should do?
Not sure if i took my medicines or not?
"Heart or lungs, an incident while jogging?"
Drug interactions: bp meds etc plus prostate meds etc?
Need help in heart medice?
Blood pressure medicine - please help?
Need help in medicine?
Fluid retention cure?
Can you still use your second language if you have amnesia?
What is the condition or whatever with these symptoms?
Would you say that this is a memory problem?
Chest pains when playing game with a lot of jump scares?
A daily problem. what's wrong with me?
Which is the correct form of amnesia?
Why is my head hurting when i run?
"The back of my throat is sore, and its hard to swallow?"
Vomiting just under 24 hours after head injury?
I'm worried about someone who might have dissociative identity disorder?
My holistic md prescribed 15 mg of buspar every 8 hrs . i have stomach discomfort and some chest pains.?
Do they just numb the pain or do they also make you do/say things you wouldn't normally say?
Some questions for people who have had their wisdom teeth removed?
"Like compared to getting braces on/off, how much does it hurt?"
Friend has amnesia and testing?
Amnesia and drug addiction?
Do the dintist put you asleep when getting 8 teeth pulled?
Can i do anything after getting my wisdom teeth out?
I am removing 3 tomorrow in 3.5hour surgery. will i be really acting like these idiots on youtube?
"Wisdom teeth being pulled out, should i catch the bus home after?"
I am geting 2 teeth out under general anaesthetic and im worried it wont work?
Do i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled?
A few questions about getting your wisdom teeth removed?
Do they put you to sleep?
I am 14 and i have to get 2 of my teeth pulled out in order to get braces. does it hurt?
Gat jet fuel pyro should i stop before hospital?
"My life feels over, i feel i'm crazy and destroyed by myself, i destroyed myself?"
What do before wisdom teeth removal and after?
Anyone had oral sedation done on their child for dental work?
Conscious sedation first time and am very nervous?
I am due to have two teeth removed and have opted to have intravenous sedation (not ga) on nhs. does anyone know how much this will cost?
If you had amnesia what would you want to remember?
I've been mentally scarred by amnesia: the dark descent?
Getting my wisdom teeth out in a couple of weeks?
How long do they do the wisdom tooth and tea they put me to sleep?
My brother has amnesia.?
"Expert mental advice, what mental disorder do i have?"
Anyone knowledgeable in wisdom teeth removal?
My doctor asked if i wanted to do faucet block injections for diagnostics as i have bad pain in my back. i?
Will i have to get my wisdom tooth out?
Am i first to be be diagnose with anxiety and not schizo?
I cant remember anything since the last three years and no one is taking me seriously?
Might be getting my wisdom teeth pulled?
Wisdom teeth removal with local anesthesia?
I'm getting all 4 removed and i'm just wondering how it is. is it really painful?
Also can it be caused without the person going through trauma?
I'm terrified to go to sleep now?
What i've done in the past few days etc. is that amnesia or something?
I need some advice about life?
My mind hasn't been all there lately?
I'm 14 and my memory is really bad?
Head injury could there be undetected problems?
Help with anxiety attacks?
Can we proceed and she is having psoriatic arthritis also?
"Like if someone overdosed on heroin one night, is it possible for them to completely forget what happened the past few months?"
I can hear what everyone says clearly but sometimes i don't understand! help!?
Question about waking up from surgery?
Weed experience gone bad.?
Will i feel the surgery at all?
How to lose 10 pounds?
Keep forgetting things do i have memory lost ?
Hurt to get wisdom teeth out?
Information on amnesia/ memory loss for a novel?
Anyone ever have an endoscopy?
Does anyone know if western dental uses general anesthesia?
Wisdom teeth removal and drug tolerance question?
What are my options at the dentist?
Should i feel self conscious about this?
What drug do doctors use in canadian hospitals for conscious sedation?
"For a book i'm writing, not real life. can you give me a list of the post effects of strangling someone?"
Asking for complete sedation?
Conscious iv sedation due to dental phobia?
My friend is forgetting things really bad?
Personal experiences with having teeth removed?
Their experiences of having them out?
Does it hurt when you get an iv when your going to get your wisdom teeth out?
I have a weird memory disorder i think?
Oral sedation or laughing gas?
"* temporary ""amnesia"" - what is it?"
Laughing gas or oral sedation?
Question for anaesthesiologists and dental surgeons?
Going to the dentist with tic disorder?
Upper endoscopy and sedation?
What's going on with my brain?
"My boyfriend has amnesia, help?"
Questions about endoscopy procedure?
Question about an endoscopy?
I need 3 teeth pulled out :( will it hurt?
Will i be ok for surgery tomorrow?
Being put on a papoose board?
Hell scared that 6 of my teeth will be extracted at once.?
Getting your wisdom teeth out?
Can do the cataract eye surgery in a hospital. under general anesthesia.?
My tooth is cracked and has a hole..?
"Something is wrong with me, please help?"
Can't remember my childhood at all?
Medical procedure question?
So scared to have wisdom teeth out?
Getting upper tooth exposed?
I got hit on the back of my head.?
I saw my ex boyfriend today and he wouldnt look at me?
Put to sleep for tooth extraction?
Wisdom teeth getting pulled out?
Having a dental operation next weeka little scared?
Really nervous.. getting wisdom teeth cut out?
Im getting my wisdom teeth removed im very nervous :(?
Does geting 4 teet pulled out for braces hurt alot'?
Need to get my wisdom teeth out!!!?
Getting wisdom teeth out?
"I just wanna know what it's like and how much it hurts, i'm very nervous even though i am getting sedation. does it hurt as much as it looks?"
Oral surgery questions and concerns. please help!?
Dissociation and abuse?
"Good dentist in grand junction, colorado?"
Sedation for wisdom teeth?
Impacted wisdom teeth questions?
Scared of needles dentistry?
Wisdom teeth question?
" and what happens when they put me to sleep, gas, i.v, both?"
Wisdom teeth extractions?
Wisdom teeth out tomorrow?
Local dentist that put you under?
Wisdom teeth extraction?
Braces and teeth extraction info?
Vicodin and anesthesia?
"Wisdom tooth extraction safe, or deadly?"
I'm getting two teeth pulled (while having braces) help?
Wisdom tooth removal and ssri?
Wisdom teeth being pulled?
"Please help, opinion needed!!?"
Wisdom teeth come out tomorrow. scarred!?
Colonoscopy question?
Iv sedation questions?
"I am extremely anxious, help?"
Wisdom teeth!! scared to death?
Help _ i have to have teeth out ?
Renew laser vs fraxel laser?
Surgical extraction information?
Whats going on with my stomach?
Wisdom teeth removal ?
Anyone had iv sedation?
Wisdom teeth removal?
Wisdom tooth extraction?
Help!!!! i am extremely scared of needles!?
Full anesthesia at dentist?
Getting my wisdom teeth removed -- i'm worried..?
Wisdom teeth expierence?
Dentistry.. braces oral surgery?
Wisdom tooth impact situation!?
What's wrong with my brain ?
Terrified of anaesthesia?
Questions about pcp (best answer)?
"First off, why do users always end up naked?"
Wisdom teeth extraction 0.0?
Wisdom teeth extraction help!?
Heart burn or stomach ulcer?
Stomach has been upset all day?
Spice and anxiety attacks.?
I need my wisdom teeth out!?
Wisdom teeth question..?
Will having teeth out hurt?
Upper endoscopy/colonoscopy?
Coping with pre-surgery anxiety?
Braces and teeth being pulled out!?
Wisdom teeth removal!?
Oral surgrey tomorrow!!?
I need help with wisdom teeth?
Tooth extractions (braces)?
Mpd/did or vivid imagination?
Tmj & wisdom teeth removal?
I m worried about my bf..?
Chest pain relating to amniocentesis?
Should i be freaking out over this?
Huntington's disease?
You hear the baby's heart beat and it makes a little swooshing noise from the amniotic fluid ?
Post pregnancy weight loss?
Please read question inside?
Hi. excersice during pregnancy?
Can i stop taking my antibiotic early?
"Help , really important about amox tr-k clv ?"
Amoxicillin reaction again. have gum/tooth infection. prescribed amox.?
Amox-clav and alcohol?
Could i have possibly been misdiagnosed?
Is it possible that i have another uti or the same uti hasn't gone away?
Will i delvelop antibiotic resistance?
Stomach constipation?
Really bad sinus infection?
Issues with pills. please help!?
Question about this medicine..?
Strep or something else?
Really bad toothache :'(?
Are these good times to take my antibiotics?
How long is my birth control inactive?
Are these normal side effects of antibiotics?
Increased heart rate after finishing antibiotic?
No pain. i have been very careful and have been taking my amoxicillin anitibiotics regularly. what could cause this?
Who knows if you can take these two meds together i need sleep?
Sore throat and ear pain for the past 3 weeks?
What would happen if these things are taken together?
Are these the symptoms of a yeast infection?
Into my eye. what should i do now ?
Its been a week since my tooth was extracted?
It's called amoxicillin. if it isn't how do you cut it?
Had a vaginal sex with a call girl using condom and lubricant. after ejaculation i could see some fluid & lubr?
Is this dose of medicine too much for my 1 year old?
Question about a clogged up left ear?
Took five pills and now am extremely nasueos?
Question about strep throat and meds early?
Whats better hot to soften or colds to unswell?
Finally over strep throat. 7th day on amoxicillin. can i drink alcohol?
Would it be okay to take an amoxicillin?
Bad skin infection no doctor has answers pic included?
Am i allergic to amoxicillin?
Uti symptoms barley around but still there?
Then it previously was but i'm all out of my prescription amoxicillin.what should i do now?
Antibiotics to control stomach bacteria?
"I am sick with unknown illness, can anyone help?"
"I've had a sinus infection going on 2 weeks, so why?"
Worried about allergy to amoxicillin?
Theres nothing on the label that says not to?
What could be going on in my head?
Do i still have a sinus infection or medicine reaction?
Swollen lump behind ear and a story with it?
Should i file a complaint about this doctor?
When is the pain going to leave?
Am i having a dangerous reaction please answer?
I have a uti. took the 1st pill of antibiotic (amoxicillin + clavulanic acid) at 6 a.m but i still pee a lot?
"Capsule by mouth 4 times a day until gone. ok so for the first time, wouldn't taking 2 be bad?"
Will this give me a yeast infection?
" weeks since circumcision and a couple adjacent stitches aren't dissolving, doctor needed?"
Eyes red and itchy after antibiotic?
" month old on antibiotic for 4 days, no improvements?"
Earache after day three of antibiotics?
Any ideas on what kind infection while i wait for appointment?
Im allergic to amoxicillin?
Dosage of medicine prescribed correct?
Amoxicillin side effects?
I have an ear infection and my ear is burning!!?
"I usually take 3 fish oil tabs , vitamin c and vitamin b complex ?"
Amoxicillin problems and side effects?
Amoxicillin and alcohol?
Is it safe to take these medicine?
What is this lump on my gum?
Yellowy-brown discharge with foul smell coming from ear?
Amoxicillin for a 6 year old?
Buying amoxicillin online ?
Amoxicillin and the pill?
 days of tooth pain on antibiotics?
Amoxicillin..(help) ?
Should i take amoxicillin?
", which leads me to believe my illness is bacterial. i do have some amoxicillin from two years ago so should i take it?"
Antibiotics causing constipation?
Amoxicillin for uti dose?
Should i take the amoxicillin?
What is wrong with my throat?
I was told to keep it cold but i accidentally left it out all day. should i keep giving it to him or what?
Coming off antibiotics for acne?
Antibiotics and loose bowels?
"Be sign of abcess, but no fever or pus or bubble, nothing. should i take amoxicillin just in case?"
My ear is painful and itchy?
Unable to find a source of bad breath?
Questions related to a toe infection?
What's likely to happen to my tooth?
Is my antibiotics not strong enough?
I need help with my ear infection?
Issue after wisdom teeth removal?
"Extreme pain in throat, and ear infection.?"
Swollen lymph nodes all over my body?
Loss of hearing after ear infection?
"Tooth problem, and swelling under jaw bone?"
Swelling from dental abcess?
Throat pain is coming back and really hurts!?
I am curious if i have a staph infection.?
To know if it sounds like an infection that can be cured with amoxicillin or is it going to require something more?
Child unexplained sickness after swimming?
Do i have a sleep disorder?
Stopping birth control mid pack?
What could i be sick with?
Antibiotic resistant bacteria?
What is wrong with me im so sick!!?
Can anybody help me out with this please?
Uti hasn't gone away. have a bacteria similar to e. coli?
H pylori is ruining my life?
Infection in number 5 tooth?
What is wrong with my cut?
Sore throat pain w' fever and congestion?
Anyone know if this sounds like strep or just a viral issue?
Will this work for my chlamydia?
This i have heard many people use it. or they usually take amoxicillin. since its bacterial i was thinking either one would work?
Whats causing the cough ?
Gum bleeding amoxicillin is good for?
What's wrong with my ear?
My tattoo is infected?
Do at home to clear this up?
Red dotted spot near gum swelling. help?
Wisdom tooth infection?
Sinuses and dizzy head question?
Headache 6 weeks after sinus infection?
Strep throat still sore?
Strange feeling on tongue?
Treating/preventing pneumonia?
6 per day. but what else can i do?
Help! what is wrong with my eardrum ?
Medical help: throat problem?
Would this method be safe?
Birth control & antibiotics?
Swollen lymph nodes on neck?
Whats going on with my ear infection?
Question about tooth pain..?
Throat infection or virus?
Blood with an ear infection?
Question about a root canal?
A question on std. please help?
Deviated septum question?
Strep throat question?
Viral or bacterialantibiotics?
Help what should i do!!!?
Do i have tonsil cancer?
Possible kidney infection?
Urgent!!!! untreatable throat infection. see picture.?
Please help! is this cystitis?
Non-group a beta hemolytic strep?
Does it sound like i have a sinus infection?
"Doctor said i'm infected , not strep or anything major he perscribed moxicillan (idk how to spell it)?"
Answers on why it hurts to swallow on only one side?
Can anyone tell me why the inside of my mouth is yellow?
Has anyone ever dealt with a parasite in their body?
"Pregnant, zpack and penicillin not working on strep and now?"
"I feel better but my throat looks worse. more white areas, more redness, but less pain. is this normal?"
Okay to drink one day with lymes?
Stomach ulcer cure medicine?
Amoxicillin for dental infection?
I forgot to take amoxicillin.?
So i was supposed to take my medicine at 5:00pm today but i forgot so i just took it at 11:00 pm is this bad?
A diabetic type 1 can take amoxilin antibiotic?
 year old with strep and fever?
"H pylori treatment, dosing?"
Doxycycline now amoxcilincan i **** while on this medication?
Chest pain above left breast?
I recently had a root canalya me! not!?
The doctor perscribed clindamycin vs amoxicillianshould i be concerend?
Back pain and breathing problems?
Re:occuring sore throat.. &other symptoms. please helpp/:?
Sore throat at night?
"Toothache, jaw, ear & neck pain after deep filling,?"
Dental issue or what?
Am i suffering from hepatitis or not?
Severe chest and heart pain?
"Who needs pain killers ,got them here text now on (530)5227087?"
Tooth necessarily need to be pulled---if the abcess is clewared up by amoxycillin and the pain stops?
Which one am i most likely to be allergic to based on my reaction (penicillin or ibuprofen)?
Tooth extraction complication. rare! help needed. something formed in socket?
A strep throat not going away .?
Strep or mononucleosis?
Is my little toe infected?
I have been tested for drugs this monday and my test came unconfirmed positive for amphetamine?
Insight on prolonged use of prescription amphetamines?
Which of these drugs do you consider most dangerous?
How to keep weight off?
Which drugs dont cause permanent brain damage?
What is the concentration of elisa?
"Pure. black tar heroin,cocaine, china white heroin,or meth amphetamine?"
"I have one amphetamine pill, when should i take it?"
"I can either take it today and be high by myself and stay up all night, or i can take it on monday and be high at school. which one?"
Schizophrenia and dopamine are believed to be related. which one of the following does not support the aforeme?
What should i expect during washington state dot physical and drug screen?
We have no answers from anyone medically and have seen various doctors over the past 5 years. anyone help?
"Would the following medicines be safe for me (sleep apnea, plmd, fibromyalgia/cfs)?"
"Im a creep, im a weirdo, what the hell am i doing here?"
How do you know if your molly is laced or not?
What would make someone really sleepy?
What would happen if i gave amphetamine to a zombie?
What happens when you snort molly cut with coke?
I have to take a urine that will come out pos for amphetamine. what over the counter med could ii blame?
Getting over a past overdose accident?
Question about my urine analysis?
I need some help please if someone realy knows ..?
How do i get adderall?
Am i addicted to amphetamines/snorting?
"Being very young, what exactly should i expect?"
How much does amphetamines cost?
"Can i treat my hair to pass a ""hair test"" if i think amphetamines were in my system?"
Question concerning adderall usage?
"Do i have add/adhd, should i see a doctor?"
Anybody ever experienced this?
Best drug to take with weed?
Should i get more heart tests done?
"I don't know what's wrong with me, help!?"
Did i have a nervous breakdown?
I have taken 95 mg of valium over three days time and soon i need to take 40 mg of prozac and straterra?
 days late period. period hasn't started. no symptoms of pregnancy or symptoms of my period.?
Adderrall-need advice!!?
I want a straight answer (tramadol)?
Why is my bpd ex acting so insane?
A question about amphetamines?
How to hide that you are using meth?
Been depressed for about 2 years. might end it. help?
Need advice after a bad day?
Questions about mdma/ecstasy?
Dont have a pill tester if the pill happens to be laced with speed/amphetamines what are my possibilitys of dying?
Mirtazapine false positive ?
"I found a light blue oblong pill with an m with a box around it and 27 next to it, any one know what this is?"
Has any one used adderall or amphetamine to improve concentration?
How mdma (ecstasy) abused?
Did i overdose on amphetamines?
Which descreases brain activity?
Why am i getting so sick?
Am i addicted to mdma?
"Unintentional weight loss and feeling weak, dizzy, and cold?"
Help! surprise mandatory drug test from a dr. i dont know?
Weed and other similar stuff?
"So i know that weed is a relaxer, but what drug is similar, as in not bad like coke! but makes you happy and hyper and stuff?"
How can i pass a drug test without my urine?
Sudden loss of appetite?
Amphatamine contain tablets names in india?
Nyquil/meth question?
Oxyelite pro questions?
Spice/k2/synthetic cannabis drug testing?
Adhd medication vyvance?
Doesn't coffee make you fat?
"It gives you hell lot of energy and i swear if you don't use that, just with carbs it stores as fat?"
Help! i think im mentally breaking down!?
Diagnosed with adult adhd?
Which drug test is ths ?
Is my daughter anorexic?
Saliva swab drug test.?
History of crystal meth?
 who and when discovered it?
Mdma/ecstasy effects.?
What is the easiest drug i can write about for my school poster?
Confused about prescription dermatologist gave me?
Could you possibly need an amputation after this?
Leg even if badly diseased (if its totally occluded then its bypass or amputation)why is this?
Are my stitches suppose to feel like this?
"Serious question: if one suffers a loss of limb (amputation) accidentally, would they pass out?"
Hand was swollen. is this normal three days after partial amputation surgery?
Pain. i have to sit upright with barefeet above waisthow bad can it get?
I have to have my left arm amputated?
"Arm. also, what does disarticulation mean?"
Could i get my leg amputated?
Fix this pain. i've seen that surgeries could help but since its been so long it's not for sure. what about amputation?
How can i inflict pain on myself without causing any permanent damage?
What are the signs and symptoms of circulatory system?
Am confuse i try to research on internet but i can't find it help?
Sometimes i feel suicidal because i've been bullied in the past?
I know noone knows exactly how much and that it's a personal thing but how much on average?
Terrible stomach/testicle aches for the past few weeks?
Or is their other options?
"They have always been there, but after studying stds in school they now concern me. being a virgin it couldn't possibly be and std, right?"
Vasoconstriction during a traumatic amputation?
"The situation in boston made me think. if your leg is ""blown off"" by a bomb, is vasoconstriction enough to lessen the blood loss significantly?"
Pressure in a pipe and blood pressure relationship?
I need to know what is wrong with this little boy's hands?
Snapped my penis in my wall?
I might need an arm amputation?
My mother broke her big toe and won't listen to reason?
Finger burning is this normal?
Is this a normal reaction?
"Now and then. i know that when they ""fall asleep"" that's circulation cut offdo i need amputation?"
How to break your arm fast?
Why won't my mom lose weight?
Should i go to therapy?
Are these thoughts abnormal?
Is this a possible link to diabetes?
"Is amputation a ""medical condition""?"
I think im going to cut my hand off.?
Uncomfortable stitcheshelp!!?
Thoughts about homicide?
Small lump on the side of my nose?
What leads a person to need one?
There seems to be something in my testis?
Help in regards to circumcision?
Wobble stump and use crutches but need to get my stump back to shape and stop hop.?
Medical question about amputation?
Why does my mom not take care of her diabetes?
My thighs and legs are pain?
Oh my god they want to amputate more from me oh my god?
What should my dad do?
How can i lose weight (10 points)?
Enid ok circumcision center?
Frost bite on both feet?
My toes are going blue.help please?
Blood blister on the toe?
Foreskin retraction problems?
Weight loss help fast?
Do circumcision hurry?
Pedicure and diabetes?
So i went and had a mani/pedi and i noticed when the lady was doing my pedicure with the foot spa/foot scraper thing(?
Are my cuts infected?
Throat infection help!!?
Macular amyloidosis help?
Has anyone suffered from cardiac-amyloidosis?
Why are my lips swollen/puffy?
Can doing this cause permanent damage?
"Is anyone else dealing with an anxiety disorder, if so, what is some advice that you give to others?"
Are not panic attacks) so how do you tell the difference between normal anxiety and an anxiety disorder?
What kind of depression is this called?
What's a job for a person with mental illness?
Do you suggest i should start seeking help?
How do i convince my mom?
Am i over reacting or is my memory really bad?
How to get out of school for an extended amount of time due to anxiety?
To a dermatologist until they find the answer. they believe it is an autoimmune disease that is rare. will i ever be rid of this marks?
I just peed my bed what is wrong?
I most likely have thyroid cancer (as of 7 years) and had my third biopsy last week which new dr finally got s?
Because of it. removing my thyroid may very well lessen my quality of life with an autoimmune disease already on board. is this true?
 year old almost always sick with something cause?
Swollen lymph node in neck/pain when opening mouth?
Should i have the flu jab for summer?
Allergies are due to?
Ordinarily would do no harm to the body. 2-what is meant by an autoimmune disease?
Help autoimmune disease info?
Depressed about my health problems?
What's wrong with my sleeping pattern?
Which of the following is an autoimmune disease?
Autoimmune liver disorder?
"My mom has vitiligo, will i get it too?"
"Childs lupus anticoagulant, transient in nature?"
"My lab work showed my thyroid level is 12, should be 4.5?"
"Ana is positive, ana titer-1:320, ana pattern-speckled?"
I need to take it for acid reflux i know long term use can damage kidneys or liver but can it kill you after one use for any reason ?
Stages of crohns disease info?
Please help. psoriasis question.?
 piece of bread and that's it. is there a chance that i might have an eating disorder?
Is a eating disorder going to help you belt good voice wise?
Not purge so it's not as serious right?
How to approach someone who might have an eating disorder?
"Depression, which led me to self harm and suicide. do i have an eating disorder?"
To stay healthy. any idea if i'm in danger of getting an eating disorder?
A way to know if you have an eating disorder?
"Is this an eating disorder, if it is what would happen if an adult found out?"
My girlfriend has a eating disorder and is now passed out drunk?
"While, but not any more. does this sound like an eating disorder or not?"
Am i anorextic or do i have an eating disorder?
Does my friend has an eating disorder?
In one sitting but take a laxative. do you think she has an eating disorder?
My therapist says i have an eating disorder but im overweight?
Is this the start of an eating disorder?
Have anxiety and am seeing a therapist. is this the beginning of an eating disorder or am i just being healthy?
Do i have an eating disorder and what would treatment for one be like?
Hospital and recovery for an eating disorder. but im a 15yrsound like i could have an eating disorder?
Do you think i have an eating disorder?
Eating disporder because i know what i am doing and i can stop it if i want to but do you think i have an eating disorder?
Would you consider this an eating disorder?
Why am i being accused of having an eating disorder?
Why do i feel sick after eating ?
"And vegetables chips and i felt sick , feeling full i feel uncomfortable is it a eating disorder?"
Does my friend have an eating disorder?
I think im developing an eating disorder?
Easily. am i developing an eating disorder?
"Do i have an eating disorder, and what is treatment for one like?"
Coming to terms with an eating disorder?
Is this considered as an eating disorder and how can i fix it?
Fat is hereditary but is there any way i can fix my obession?
Is this an eating disorder on its own?
Was this the start of an eating disorder/depression?
Anyone about this and i don't plan on it just because everything is okay now. was that the start of an eating disorder/depression?
Should i consult a doctor for an eating disorder?
Is it possible i have an eating disorder?
Is this technically an eating disorder?
"Like because i want to be skinny or anything, i just like the feeling of being hungry right now. is this an eating disorder?"
Are some reasons behind having an eating disorder?
Is my diet and lifestyle bad?
How fast will my eating disorder kill me?
How do you trick scales into saying you weight more than you really do?
How can eat infront of people when i am in recovery?
How to tell my mom i want to see a therapist?
How much food does the average person eat in a day?
How long does it take to starve yourself thin?
Do you think i have an eating disorder/weight issues?
Is this tech a eating disorder. i am depressed and i overeat but i dont gain much weight.?
How to throw up without using the finger?
Do you think i might have an eating disorder?
With planning workouts. does that sound like an eating disorder to you?
How would someone who is being abused behave?
Writing a letter to someone with depression and an ed?
Yr old college student needs help getting back into shape after an eating disorder?
Who wants to be my eating disorder recovery buddy?
Not getting any better. would anyone who suffers from an eating disorder be willing to be my buddy to text or email about problems?
How come anorexics and bulimics gain weight if they look like their losing weight?
Weight while sleeping. which one is more effective?
What will happen if i tell someone about my suicide plan?
Why do i feel like throwing up everytime i eat?
Can anyone recommend a good brand of probiotic?
Is this an eating disorder or just disordered eating?
Do i have an eating disorder or just bad habit?
Purge i only make myself sick when i am on a diet and wanting to loose weight?
How do i stop myself making a mistake again?
How long before i start seeing weight loss results?
Is one slice of white kingsmill bread with jam no butter ok in moderation and will it alter my weight?
Until i puke. is this a little bad even if it isn't an eating disorder?
Like do you start to go on a path of an eating disorder..?
How to stop people from thinking you are anorexic (sample diet)?
My friend seems to think this will help lose weight. but i think it is more a eating disorder. can you lose weight?
Do i actually have an eating disorder or just paranoid?
"Calories for a little while, but not any more. does this sound like an eating disorder or am i just paranoid?"
"Do i have an eating disorder, and what would treatment for one be like?"
How to be sick without sticking fingers down your throat?
Is this a good idea for my eating disorder?
My family are making it harder to stay healthy?
How to tell your parents you need rehab?
How can i make my boobs grow?
Do i have an eating disorder or not?
"Am afraid of gaining more weight. i don't purge, do i have an eating disorder or not?"
Would you naturally assume someone thin is anorexic?
"Just got wondering, if you see someone thin, do you ever think they have an eating disorder?"
My parents think i have an eating disorder?
Do you like girls with bones or curves better?
Can taking citalopram 20mg give me these side affects?
Could i be at risk of an eating disorder?
Does anyone have any advice on getting through an eating disorder i am a 14 year old male and have been?
How do you know if your skinny or turning skinny?
How to get a bikini body quickly?
Could i possibly have an eating disorder?
How can i feel happy with myself?
"Its really annoying. my question is, do i even have an eating disorder even though i am not enormously obese ?"
I'm terrified that i'm in the early stages of having an eating disorder?
"To this thin feeling. please, is this an eating disorder and should i seek help from my doctor?"
How much weight would i lose in 15 days?
Is it likely that i have an eating disorder?
How can i vomit without using my fingers?
Do self harm scars and cuts make a girl unatractive?
"How can i gain weight, and kind of fast?"
Could this be an eating disorder - please answer?
Also is obssed with losing weight. is this a form of an eating disorder?
Why am i so obsessed with eating disorders?
How much weight will i loose doing this?
How can i change my life and be happier?
How can i convince my mom i have a mental illness?
Could i have a possible eating disorder?
Much as i should and one suggested that i might have an eating disorder. could this be possible?
"What should i do,how can i stop feeling so bad?"
Should i be worried about these symptoms?
How to run away from home?
How many calories should i eat to maintain?
Is it bad for 14 year olds to count calories?
How to convince my friend that i'm not anorexic?
How could i possibly be gaining weight?
What is a healthy weight for a 15 year old boy?
How do i make myself throw up?
Am i suffering from an eating disorder?
I want to have an eating disorder?
It make you nauseated?
Do you think i could lose 30 pounds in 1 summer?
How to convince my best friend that i don't have anorexia?
Really scared to be going to the doctors tomorrow?
Help please: how can i get anorexic thoughts out of my head?
Why do i need to see a social worker?
My boyfriend doesnt know about my eating disorder?
How to convince it's not a phase?
I need to interview a registered dietitian (with credentials) who specializes with eating disorders?
Often do men seek for help or assistance when accepting they have an eating disorder?
How can i starve myself without my mum noticing?
What do you eat on a typical day?
"Underweight, or within a normal range?"
Scared my boyfriend is getting an eating disorder?
It to scare people away from fasting so they don't developed an eating disorder?
Do you think i might be developing an eating disorder?
A question for those who see the media and have eating disorders?
How to stop the anorexic rumours?
I have an eating disorder but don't want to admit to it?
What will the effects be on my body?
Do you see a doctor if you think you have an eating disorder?
How to make the scale say i'm heavier than i am?
How to convince my friend that i don't have anorexia?
"How thin i am, but i see myself as fat so do i have an eating disorder?"
I feel like throwing up every time i eat?
Bit sick and then i want to throw up. i am 13 and have never had an eating disorder. should i be concerned?
Helping a friend with an eating disorder and depression?
Get diarrhea shortly after. i'm actually starting to develop a bit of an eating disorder because of this?
I have an eating disorder please can someone help?
How will this impact weight loss?
How can my pain stop?
How can i feel better about myself?
I think i am developing an eating disorder but i am not sure?
Can you look healthy with a thigh gap?
And still look attractive and healthy?
Why am i obsessed with eating disorders?
Do you think i may have an eating disorder?
What is this if i isn't an eating disorder?
Anyone know what i can do about this?
"I cant throw up, what are some other ways i can throw up?"
I have an eating disorder and i've been called fat?
How can i stop my teachers finding out i have an ed?
"See, i go and exercise. a lot so do i have an eating disorder?"
Advice for being in hospital with eating disorder?
Does it seem like i have an eating disorder?
So much this week. anyway do i have an eating disorder at all?
How can i make myself throw up?
Can i check myself in a hospital?
Ill hurt myself. the feeling of loss of control led me almost into a eating disorder. can i check myself in?
Hour) then when i get back inside i stay in my room away from food. do you think i have an eating disorder?
Why am i not hungry at all recently?
"How can i loose 11 pounds by may 24th, 2013?"
Is this the reason i am tired all the time?
Do i have an eating disorder or disordered thoughts?
Which my friend said is psychologically unhealthy. do i have an eating disorder or disordered thoughts?
Spend lots of time together. i can't figure out whether she has an eating disorder or not!?
Do i have some sort of eating disorder?
Sick and incapacitates me. is this an eating disorder or something else?
And have a eating disorder?
"Could i have an eating disorder, and what would treatment for one be like?"
How do you let an acquaintance know they can't fix you?
To abuse laxatives when i was younger due to an eating disorder. could i have a serious condition now?
Complete loss of appetite due to stress?
My doctor will do/say?
How to make yourself throw up?
Why am i having breathing problems all of a sudden?
Usually have cravings for junk food. do i have an eating disorder and not realize it or is it just my depression?
I keep binging and need help?
"'m exactly under weight. i have some belly fat. i just want to know, is this considered an eating disorder?"
Am i too fat to have a problem with eating?
How was your eating as a kid growing up?
Should i give my blades that i use to self harm to my teacher so she can take them away?
I need some help with increasing my calories?
Could i be developing an eating disorder?
Healthy but things have gone out of control. is there a chance i could be developing an eating disorder?
What does a teacher think of a bulimic student?
"Attention seeker with over protective parents, pretending to have an eating disorder, because of my weight?"
How to make it to summer?
How do i not eat without my parents knowing?
Why do i gain weight so easily?
How do i convince my friend that i don't have anorexia?
Would you call this an eating disorder?
"Usually go for a long bike ride after dinner, so idk.. would this be called an eating disorder?"
What to expect during counseling (eating disorder)?
Did i used to have an eating disorder?
And i feel so disgusting. was/is this an eating disorder?
Worried i'm going to give myself an eating disorder?
How can i gain more weight?
I think my friend has an eating disorder?
Could i really have an eating disorder?
Tips to not eat during the day?
Im too fat to have an eating disorder?
With is 'how come you arent skinny then?
Should i talk to a school counselor about this girl?
I need help with increasing calories after weight loss?
Is it bad to eat when your not hungry ?
To gaining fat so what do i do ?
Why am i gaining fat again?
I don't know if this is an eating disorder please help!?
"And i don't even realize it! does anyone know if this is an eating disorder, if so which one, and how it can be fixed!?"
I feel like puking everytime i eat breakfeast?
The food tastes nasty but as soon as i get home i eat alot. do i have an eating disorder or anything?
Have i developed an eating disorder?
I don't think seeing my therapist once a week will help?
Could i possible have an eating disorder?
"Up she would be bulimic, but i don't know what classifies as having an eating disorder. does she have one?"
Shes always complaining of headaches and cold flashes. does she have an eating disorder?
What should i do i need to get a way from my family?
Get away so i can try to stop cutting and stop the starting of a eating disorder any suggestions for what i can do?
Have a good reputation. has anyone had a good experience in an eating disorder treatment center?
Can you tell me if i have an eating disorder?
That pr did i stuff up my motablism ?
My family wont allow me to eat healthy?
Danger. i'm 5'7 and i weigh about 138 so i don't have an eating disorder any tips on how to deal with this?
Could i possibly have/develop an eating disorder?
Is this a good eating plan for a 14 year old?
How to tell if this is considered an eating disorder?
Why don't people take mental health seriously?
"Illnesses are like cancer, why do people call people with depression/an eating disorder/ect attention seekers?"
I have my first appointment with an eating disorder dr.?
Should i expect on a first appointment?
How do i lose about 30 pounds?
Did media ever affect your eating disorder?
"Also, what are you allowed to have as far as electronics go?"
I need some ways to help me sleep?
Im scared to get help for my eating issues?
Why am i not losing any weight?
How to get the pain to stop?
Do i have an eating disorder of some type?
I need advice on my diet and how to eat normally?
What should i do about my eating habits?
"Guess, my question is, does it seem as if i have an eating disorder -- or am i just a pig?"
Stomach big after eating hardly anything?
";m good for three to four hours"" i'm worried is this the beginning of an eating disorder?"
How much weight could i lose?
How may an eating disorder lower the quality of an afflicted person's life?
Could this have been an eating disorder?
Am still constantly checking my weight. was this episode an eating disorder?
Can i get down to 68-76 pounds without having an eating disorder?
Do you think i have/am developing an eating disorder?
Say atleast once a week i try but i just can't do you think i have an eating disorder or is this ok?
Does my friend have a disease?
How to lose weight the healthy way..?
Or something. i really eat to the point were i think i have an eating disorder but i dont gain any weight?
"(uk) i suffer with mental health problems & on benefits and just want to get a job, move and start again.?"
"I accidently called my girlfriend fat, then told her i had an eating disorder?"
How to talk about an eating disorder?
"Weight! i do so much exercise per day and i'm started to get worried, do i have an eating disorder?"
"Hi, i'm 14 years old and think i have an eating disorder. i have always been incredibly fussy. advice?"
's made me really upset before and hurtful when people call me anorexic. do you think it's an eating disorder?
"I think my friend is anorexic, and there's no one to help her?"
Can you gain weight by just thinking about it?
"When someone has anorexia, is it obvious or not?"
"I've never met this girl,but she goes to school with my boyfriend. how do i help her?"
How much does this girl look like she weighs?
How can i become happy when you've been through depression?
Should i tell my gym teacher about my eating disorder?
Dont want my parens finding out. i dont look like i have an eating disorder if you look at me. will she treat me differently?
You feel you just won't eat anything?
Am i in the beginning of eating disorder?
And ate a 90 calorie thing. am i developing an eating disorder?
I'm thinking my friend has an eating disorder?
Please somebody give me some information about my excercise regime?
Of what food would do to me. was this episode an eating disorder?
My bulimic and bipolar friend hurts herself?
Do this for a month then stop do you guys think i have an eating disorder?
"Does it still count, even if i only attempt?"
"Know it's bad, please don't explain it) does it still count as an eating disorder?"
Brother calling me fat while trying to recover from an eating disorder ?
Am i developing or have an eating disorder?
My doctor thinks i have an eating disorder?
"Because i have a low bmi, but that's because i have a fast metabolism. is it just me or is this incredibly wrong?"
Do i possibly have an eating disorder?
'help' what treatment centers in ga take medicaid?
";m afraid that if he tries to lose this much (and quick), he might develop an eating disorder. what should a guy his height weigh?"
Did this eating disorder cause serious damage?
"Ive lost myself, i dont know what to do anymore?"
Could this be an eating disorder?
"It just the food poisoning, or could she be developing an eating disorder?"
"Eating disorder, struggling and cutting out food groups?"
Difference between bingeing and growth spurt?
Is this psychological or should i lose weight?
Starvation mode recovery - weight gain and how long?
Do i have an eating disorder or do i just eat disordered?
"Like, if they can't be fed through their mouth, they are usually fed through a tube in their stomach. can they be awake during this?"
Why do i want to have an eating disorder?
Why am i bleeding between periods?
My mum thinks i have an eating disorder and is making my life a misery?
"Im kinda confused on the topic. why is it a disorder when its a choice, something that can be controlled. you can stop anytime. cant you?"
My family accuses my of being anorexic a lot?
Ibruprofen for a 16 year old girl?
Is it possible i could have a eating disorder?
What happens when you first meet with a eating disorder person?
Is it considered a eating disorder?
Would i be considered as having an eating disorder?
Why wont the doctor give me my blood test results over the phone (bulimia)?
People worrying about their weight is affecting me?
Do i have an eating disorder or consuming too little calories?
Starting group therapy for an eating disorder?
I think i have an eating disorder?
Restricting and purging and feeling tired?
My friend has a eating disorder?
Is this a dangerous water detox?
How to lose 15-20 pounds in 15 days?
How will my body look when i work out?
", is that a good look for a woman?"
I want to starve to death?
Do i look like i have an eating disorder?
Not being able to see due to severe anxiety and stuff. can i get an eye infection?
Do you think i have an eye infection?
Some tap water because it was a little dry. am i gonna get an eye infection?
How can i make my eyes look very red?
Such that it looks like an eye infection?
Is it still possible to wear my contacts not worn within a year?
Solution for a year. is it still fine?
", my left eye hurts and waters quite a bit. could it be an eye infection?"
Fine for the rest of the day. is it possible that i could have an eye infection or something?
Am i going to get an eye infection?
"Normal (no crustiness, redness, etc.). is this just the incubation period for an eye infection (pink eye, etc.) or is my eye fine?"
What can i use to help an eye infection?
The same mascara that i used when i had an eye infection a couple months ago. what do i do?
Do i have an eye infection?
Worried about putting on contact lenses?
Why is my 19year old niece always sick?
Possible eye infection contagious?
Eyelid is droopy after eye infection?
Have i got an eye infection?
Has anyone ever gotten glasses and contact lenses at the same time?
Is this an eye infection?
About 8/9 hours a day 5days a week could this possibly be an eye infection?
"Could i have an eye infection, or just allergies?"
Can i use my friends prescription contacts?
Been wearing the same contacts?
"On, but i don't want to go to school like this. do you think it's an eye infection?"
Dads eye is very red and feeling itchy?
Much effect.its very red and has a small lump in. is it an eye infection or something else?
I never take my contacts out?
Cataract operation after ptosis correction?
What should i do about my eye?
I think my mom has pink eye?
Why is my contact lens slimy?
A question about contact lenses?
Possibility of eye infection?
Do i have a ringworm infection?
Swollen/ bag under one eye when smile?
I keep blinking hard and my eyes strain?
Is my contact prescription wrong?
Dry eye or eye infection?
"When i look in the sky, i see circle things?"
Putting in contacts (seems impossible)?
Contact lens-tap water issue?
Contact lense irritation?
Toes are really swelling?
Eye very red and itchy ?
Swollen/bag under one eye?
Is it an eye infection?
Still have an eye infection?
Got an eye infection?
Why is my eye swollen and almost shut?
My duckling has an eye problem?
I fell asleep w my contacts?
Can i wear contact lenses?
White stringy eye boogers?
I think i have an eating disorder help?
"Please help i'm dying. left temple, eye, ear , above ear hurts?"
Pap smear came back abnormal any advice?
Iv antibiotics therapy?
What are they checking?
I am truly becoming terrified?
I was just diagnosed with ibs..?
Gall stones what are they?
Need help understand my moms pet/ct results?
No ingrown toenail just pain and tenderness?
"If you're going in for the first time in your life, and you need to get rid of an ingrown toenail, do they weigh you?"
Was red. i touched it and it hurt like hell. is it an ingrown toenail or is from my exertion on my right foot?
I need help figuring out what this is?
Toenail seems to be infected for a second time?
Up again. are there any home remedies or cures for an ingrown toenail that actually work?
The skin around my ingrown toenail is peeling please help!?
Simple plan to get in any shape at all?
"I've heard the shot is painful, how painful?"
Without pain and bleeding to bad how can i do this?
People who know about ingrown toenails?
Will i have to get my toenail removed?
"Not sure what's going on with my toenails. definitely not ingrowing, but can you help me please?"
How do i stop this crazy toenail?
Who to go see for an ingrown toenail?
Should i be worried about the puss?
Toenail pushing it's way to growing back in or is it an ingrown toenail?
Men's health: how do i treat a ingrown toenail?
Why doesn't my toenail grow over my toe?
Ingrown toenail. infection?
Can someone help me figure out what's wrong?
Do needles to numb your toe hurt?
The corner of my toenail fell of?
Is it going to heal itself?
;t hurt at all. and the actual nail is still there so is it an ingrown toenail or just a random infection that will heal itself?
Where is my ingrown toenail?
Constant pain in my foot and toes?
Right side of left toe hurts when i touch it and is red and swollen?
Toenail on my big toe hurts?
"Is this an ingrown toenail, if not what is it?"
Ingrown toenail problems?
Ingrown toenail remedies ?
Toenail after ingrown toenail surgery?
Ingrowing toenail help?
Ingrown toenail help?
What could be the issue with my toe?
Help with my nail problem?
Ingrown toenail ..help!?
Ingrown toenail nhs refferal help!?
When i press down on it but that is it. could it be an ingrown toenail?
Ingrown toenail! help?
Should i leave this alone?
Ingrown toenail please help?
"I had an ingrown toenail removed, and now its purple.?"
Ingrown toenail infection ?
Big toe toenail hurts?
Don't think about it it's fine. is it the beginning of an ingrown toenail or does it just hurt from cutting it too short?
Ingrown toenail problems! please help!?
Ingrown tonail question?
Help!! ingrown toenail!?
If i'm treating my toe right?
This is the right way to treat an infected toenail that was a ingrown toenail?
Please help! i'm afraid my friend might have bulimia?
Help another ingrown toenail!!?
Needle to numb my toe?
Really infected toe on my left foot?
Swollen big toe. infection?
Ouch! my ingrown toenail!?
Toe nail hurting swollen red ect.?
Help me !!! so scared!!?
Is there something wrong with my toe?
"it was obviously some kind of an infection and my dad said ""it's a ingrown toenail"". what is it?"
Do i have a ingrown toenail?
I tried to take it out but it is at the bottom of my toenail and i cant reach it does anyone know what to do?
Slightly disgustion question about ridged toenails?
What is wrong with my toe?
Why are my toes red and sore?
Big toe pain - side of toe has a nail?
"Painful toe, but don't know why. should i go to the doctors?"
How to conceal large red marks on legs?
How long should i wait to have intercourse?
Out that my period cramps were really being caused by an ovarian cyst. so is it because of a hormonal change?
My medicine would interfere with my periods. could i possibly have an ovarian cyst?
Has any one had a ovarian cyst?
Like vomiting. i'm thinking that this may be a ovarian cyst?
Like a sphere. so am i pregnant or is this an ovarian cyst or what?
Women only please: can ibs make your period come early?
Anaemic and i have had a period for a month?
An early negative blood test but two positive urine tests weeks later?
What can/should i do about my dental employer?
A full abdominal us rather than a transvaginalcould it be possible that if there was an ovarian cyst it could have been missed?
Does this sound like an ovarian cyst?
"There is no swelling that i can tell. does this sound like an ovarian cyst to you, and if so how long should the pain last?"
"I had an ovarian cyst and it ruptured today. spent a few hours in the er, received little info?"
Could i have an ovarian cyst?
These symptoms seem kind of spotty/irregular.. is there any chance that i could have an ovarian cyst?
Is it possible that i have an ovarian cyst?
Need some help about an ovarian cyst?
"I'm 14, do i have an ovarian cyst?"
Last summer i never got it at all. i'm always late about a week or two. do i have an ovarian cyst?
"I'm having serious pain, should i go to the er?"
I have a sharp pain on my lower left side?
I think i may have an ovarian cyst?
Do i have an ovarian cyst?
For things that it might be. i also think that it might be an ovarian cyst. but im not sure! can someone help?
Am i pregnant or is it a cyst?
Ovarian cyst torsion or something else?
"I have been dealing with , what i believe is , an ovarian cyst for a few years now.?"
Stabbing pains getting worse in lower right abdomen?
Pain on the right side: kidney pain (stones?
"Obese (normal weight), i don't smoke. i read somewhere it could be an ovarian cyst?"
Could this be a uti or ovarian cyst?
"Ovarian cyst, dark brown discharge and pelvic pain?"
Clear fluid gushed everywhere?
Out all over the floor. im a few weeks pregnant and i have an ovarian cyst. could it have to do with either one?
"If this is a uti, could it be serious?"
Is this normal before a period?
Does this sound like i have an ovarian cyst?
Why am i in pain all of a sudden?
To be my period). - is the cramping & pain from an ovarian cyst?
I'm 16 and i don't know what to expect?
Missed period while on the pill?
Does this sound like an ovarian cyst or something worse?
Really bad lower stomach pain and like having to threw up but can't?
A bulge in the groin area?
How long until your period is 'on track.'?
"Early pregnancy, ovarian cyst and pain?"
Hello all. i'm a little curious if my symptoms are pregnancy related or if it is due to an ovarian cyst?
A cyst and all the hpt's i've taken have been negative. anyone have these symptoms w/ cysts?
"Frequent menstruation, severe back/shoulder pain, extreme fatigue?"
Late period caused by what reason?
"Ovarian cyst question. a little freaked out,?"
Bloating with ovarian cyst?
Do i have a cyst on my ovary?
" my question is, is this an ovarian cyst?"
Ovarian cyst removal?
I am 15 should i go to the er?
"Upon standing but not only then) could i be pregnant, or could this be an ovarian cyst like i have had before, and should i go to the er?"
 weeks painless vaginal spotting beginning of third week cramp and flow started?
Period symptoms without the period?
Bit incessant and it's worrying me slightly as to what it could be. could it be an ovarian cyst?
"I havent had sex, so why havent i gotten my period?"
Hip and back pain. please help?
Until a day or two before my period actually starts. could it be an ovarian cyst?
Please help:( im scared i don't know what's wrong with my body.?
"Little pain, it helps when i'm really wet. could this be an ovarian cyst?"
"Periods have stopped, i'm not pregnant?"
Endometrial ablationyay or nay?
Hheeelllppp am i pregnant?
I'm 14 and i think i have an ovarian cyst?
"Ovarian cyst, upper right rib cage pain?"
"Headaches daily, sore, cramps?"
Severe lower left abdominal pain?
Self harm scars and surgery?
Reasons for loss of appetite?
;m a girl in grade nine recently discovered i have an ovarian cyst?
Tummy pain times 3 days help?
Womans health - ovarian cyst?
Ovarian cyst surgery?
Pregnancy or ovarian cysts?
Ovarian cyst pain again?
Stomach/abdomen issue?
";s going to get a check up tomorrow for her ovaries and she may have an ovarian cyst :( i'm really worried, are they cancerous?"
Bleeding between periods?
Friend in severe pain?
Ovarian cyst removal questions!?
Cramps 4 days before period?
I still see my doctor asap?
"Pulling hair out, going crazy. please help?"
Anyone ever experience this?
Ladies who arent virgins! i need advice?
"All of a sudden. this is some bonus info but i have an ovarian cyst, do u think this could've been the cause of this also?"
Tiny cyst like vaginal discharge?
"Help severe period cramps, needs advice?"
Help!!!!! can't figure out what is wrong?
Quite fit. i'm beginning to wonder if maybe it is an ovarian cyst?
Appendix/ovarian cyst help?
Hot flashes before period?
Period problems/concerns?
Pcos question! please help!?
"Feminine issues, bleeding ovaries?"
I have severe pelvic pain!?
Want paraguard iud removed.?
Everyday constant bloating?
A pg test it cam out. negative. my mom thinks its a ovarian cyst i have mild cramps on my righht abdomen what could this be?
Going thru alot of pain what could it be?
Could it be an ovarian cyst?
Im 24 with a ovarian cyst?
Right lower back pain and uti?
What can be the cause of this?
Help me please anyone go through this and end up with cancer or something else serious?
Do you think i have an ovarian cyst?
Has anyone ever had an ovarian cyst?
Do i have an ovarian cyst ?
Why am i bleeding from my vagina?
"Cramping for a week followed by excessive clear, watery dischargeam i pregnant?"
Pain on right hand side of hip/ ovary?
What's causes the pain in my lower stomach?
"Is it my period, or is it something else?"
Could it be possible to be pregnant even though.?
Why does having sex hurt?
Pain in my lefy ovary area?
Pain in abdomen.anyone else ever have this problem?
Depo after effects ladies?
Ovarian cyst rupture?
Is it ovarian cyst or something else?
Ovarian cyst with general anesthesia?
If it's not gallstones what is it?
I'm having some random bleeding?
Haven't had my period in 2 months?
"Pregnant, thyroid problem, ovarian cyst?"
Please look any advice much appreciated?
Why is it this sore ?
Unusual periodcould it be something more?
Ovarian cyst possible?
Ovarian cysthelp!!!!!!?
I need help please im confused?
Lower stomach is sore?
Pain in lower abdomen?
Ovarian cyst or something else?
Could this be appendicitis?
Immediate help please!?
" in 1 detailed tmi questions. but need help, please!!?"
Bad pain.. down there.?
Please help (may be tmi)?
Please help me ladies!!!?
My friend gets like really bad pain over her right ovary and i'm like really worried it brings her to tears!?
Help! i might have cancer!?
Please! i need immediate help!?
Help!! stomach ache !!!!!!!?
How can i cope with everything going wrong at the same time?
", would i loose weight?"
Do i have a problem with my digestive system or something?
An overactive thyroid?
Nails chipping hair falling out?
It. i also have heart palpitations - is this likely to be an overactive thyroid or anemia or something?
Blood tests and alcohol?
Hyperthyroidism perhaps?
"Last physical, he didn't mention it. i feel like my symptoms are typical of a man with an overactive thyroid. possible?"
"Will i ever,gain weight with an overactive thyroid?"
Can you guys help a skinny wimp out here?
Why am i feeling hot and sweaty?
Overactive thyroid gland?
Is it overactive thyroid?
Can anyone relate or offer advice?
Yesterday to test my thyroid and blood count. she really thinks it could be an underactive thyroid. do you have this?
Does anyone have a thyroid problem?
"I just found out today i have it, i had no symptoms of it and its underactive and im still very thin and my heart rate was 130 is that very high?"
"I'm tired all the time, what can i do?"
Help me with underactive thyroid?
Can't decide whether to have the iud or ius?
Do i have hyperthyroidism and what can i do to feel better?
Do i have an underactive thyroid?
Hypothyroidism - should i be on medication?
Ladies: could this be me stressing out or my thyroid?
Im worried i have motor neurone disease?
Losing weight thyroid disease?
Tablets arent working!! underactive thyroid?
Please can i have ure opinion?
I'm so tired all the time?
No period for 8 months?
Problems with my thyroid?
 year old seriously thinking about gastric bypass?
Does this sound like chronic fatigue syndrome?
Head sensations what can i do?
Does anyone else get these weird head sensations?
Do i have a fast metabolism?
Accidental overdose of medicne?
"Why am i tired, emotional, hungry?"
"Keep feeling old and not right, what is it?"
Please help me beat thisill pay you!?
"Dizzy, tired easily, headaches?"
Swollen lymph node & first time!?
How are people friends with ana?
How can i start being anorexic?
Can i go to for tips?
How much weight could i lose by july 2013?
"This weight before and it was ideal for my body type, i am not pro ana or anything). how much weight could i lose before july?"
Pro ana tips to lose weight fast?
How can you starve yourself and still do a sport like track?
Just wondering is there people that never have lupus in their ana/market test?
Would you consider 500 calories a day anorexic?
How to lose 5-10 pounds in a week?
"Don't lecture me, i'll just report you if you do(: pro ana?"
How can i grow taller in 2 weeks?
Do everyday to make me grow taller?
Will i ever get better?
When do you know you're ready to recover?
In my illness that i'm completely smothered by it; a total slave to ana?
Still think i look fat at 5'6. i am just a 13 year old and i just want to be happy with myself but ana wont let me please help!?
Does my bestfriend have an eating disorder?
How can i help an anorexic friend?
I have anorexia and i don't need people to tell me what to do?
Who can help with my stomach burning?
Anorexia:should i buy new clothes when i know i'll eventually be forced into recovery anyway?
Any tips for staying ana over a week long family vacation?
How to tell if i'm anorexic?
How can i starve myself?
Pro ana questions for my health paper?
Have anxiety attacts. has anyone been dealing with ana or beat her that can help?
Where can i find teenage pro ana buddies?
Pro ana (please only answer once youve read the extra detail)?
Do i have an eating disorder or something?
Anyone have ideas for pro ana?
Okay so i'm looking for good pro ana or pro mia sites any i ideas?
"What is pt2, or pretty thin again eating disorders support forum ?"
Disorders support website. is pt2 really a pro ana website ?
How do i stop eating ~pro ana only ~?
What are some songs about anorexia and bulimia?
What exactly will my dr do?
What kind of rash is this?
What is the fastest way for a teenage girl to lose weight?
How to starve yourself?
"Who is the 'family' of ana, mia, and cat?"
Burn off the calories from a cadburys easter egg and strawberry yazoo?
Please help. i consumed them now hate myself how long does it take to burn that many calories off?
How to lose this much weight in 1/2 months?
Pro-ana diets that work?
Anyone know of pro suicide chat or websites?
What is a good diet plan for a 12-13 year old girl?
How to deal with takeaway with an ed?
Still be able to have children?
What's the most i can lose in a week?
Losing too much weight too fast?
;ll start losing too much and my mom will think i'm being ana/mia. is 5 pounds in a week and a half too much?
How much weight can i loose in 6 weeks?
Positive ana and anti rnp?
"Got caught shoplifting, don't know what to do?"
"I cheated on my diet, please help me :((((?"
Hip pain with anorexia- a worry or not?
Good dinner after post workout snack?
Your opinion on pro-ana and pro-mia?
I need an ana buddy.?
"I need an ana buddy preferably 18 or younger , i am 18 and been anorexic for 3 years?"
Positive ana blood test?
How many calories are in these :)?
Pro ana tips and tricks to weight loss?
Anyone have any for me?
 year old. pro ana help!?
Going to the dr what to say?
Anorexic websites disscusions?
"People and disscus mental health, things like that?"
Get an eating disorder just by getting triggered by pro ana websites etc?
Food problems please help?
Question about lupus disease?
Is this too much to have eaten in one day?
Um idk what to do help me ugh. do pro-ana tips work?
Best diet pills and books?
Does anyone know any great diet pills and pro-ana books?
Will the skinny girl diet work?
Girls who had or has an ed?
School diet stuff anorexic questions for schoo help please !!:o?
When will any diagnosis come?
Lupus and twin sister?
"Work with double stranded dna, inflammatory markers, and a positive ana antibody test. i have an identical twin sister, should she get tested?"
Pro anas only.. how do you concentrate on school work?
Can you have mental ed?
Classified as an eating disorder?
Lupus/butterfly rash treatment ?
How can i fast without my parents knowing?
An i considered anorexic?
What is going on my period?
Metoprolol cause withdrawl?
"High blood presuure 170/120 , what to do?"
I believe i have leukemia..opinions?
Am i developing anorexia?
I need advice for my friend. pleaasee help!! (suicidal thoughts)?
I'm really afraid of relapsing?
I don't understand myself?
"About how much you weight and if you look skinny, and i'm not, any pro-ana diets that i can follow in school?"
Why do i lack motivation in diets?
I really need help pleaseeee !!!?
Is the abc diet okay?
Possible lupus diagnosis?
Friend is cutting herself?
Will weed effect my tests?
Please helpam i anorexic?
Anorexia recovery help!!!?
"Skinny girl diet (not the ""healthy"" one)?"
Does this sound like lupus?
I have a medical question.?
I haven't eaten.. but today..?
Need help please am i anorexic?
I obsess over certain girls please help!!?
I just seen my doppelganger!?
Is there something wrong with me..?
Please answer am i anorexic?
Do you think i'm anorexic?
Is this normal for a 13 year old?
I need to lose weight?
What are some pro ana/pro mia/pro ed websites?
"For psychology, we have to find a few pro ed website, and i'm having great trouble finding some. can you guys help me out?"
Need motivation help?
Am i becoming bulimic?
Giving up. need help so bad right now!?
How bad is my mental health?
In order to make a difference how often would i have to do it?
Im still in a lot of pain from my pelvic injury?
How many times do you purge a day?
Have you heard of pro ana?
What are your views on it?
Only pro ana people.?
Lupus and ana results. confused!?
I need a pro ana text/ email buddy?
Im so fat how can i lose 30 lbs im 14?
Questions about anorexia?
Am i developing an eating disorder?
I need a pro ana friend!!!!!!!!?
What is the anorexic diet?
Abc diet (ana's only)?
Loose 5 lbs in 2 days..?
I need help! ( ana recovery )?
The shame of an eating disorder?
"Feel so ill, have an appointment next week but need advice now..?"
What could these crawling sensations be?
"I think i am too fat, then can you tell me how to lose weight?"
Why does this happen and how can i stop it?
I need to know if i'm anorexic?
My mom puts way too much pressure on me?
Will i lose weight this way?
Whats wrong with me:mental health?
"Skipping meals, only 200-400 kcal?"
Am i becoming anorexic?
I just ate a cookie..?
"I need help, suicidal & bulimic!?"
Anorexic diet questions?
My muscles are getting small or am i too young to take light steroids?
Or something like that to recover as soon as possible?
Where can i year old find steroids online that are legit?
Am i too young to take light steroids?
What can i do to make my legs better?
How do male models keep their weight so down?
How much weight should i lift?
Is it worth taking anabolic steroids?
Where can an 18 year old find and buy winstrol in schaumburg illinois (online)?
"Anabolic steroids, worth it?"
How often should it be taken?
Where can i buy steroids online?
"Hello peoples i was prescribed prednisone 5mg yesterday,my question is by taking 3 at a time in the morning?"
 in the afternoon.will it make me hyperactive?
Question regarding a protein supplement i have?
Steroids - worth taking?
I took natures research mass muscle builder?
Vasodilation and vasoconstriction for bodybuilding?
Should i start taking steriods?
Anabolic steroids use ?
Anabolic steroids (dbol)?
Anabolic steroid advice?
Doctor says i can't eat for 3 days?
Anavar - > steriods : personal stories and results?
Will cause the testicle smaller?
Is there anything that does the same thing as steroids?
"Steroids, actually bad for you or myth?"
Steroids bad for you ?
Anabolic or dbol steroids?
Steroid! should i use anavar?
Mon.wed.fri.i workout real hard.how should i use anavar?
People and there steroids?
Tracking your testosterone?
What's wrong with my boobs?
Winstrol steriod questions.?
I m leaving it right awaywhat effects it would have had on my body..and what about liver toxicity and natural testosterone production ..and gyno..?
Testosterone boosters?
Dianabol cycle help please!?
Gynecomastia vs chest fat?
I have all the symptoms of anemia but tested negative?
Told i had iron deficiency anemia after pregnancy. keep forgetting to take iron tablets?
"So i started taking my iron yesterday. i'm anemic, so how long will it take until my anemia symptoms start going away?"
Does anyone have any experience with pancreatic cancer to share?
Does this fact guarantee that their children will not contract the disease?
Carry the recessive gene for both cystic fibrosis and fanconi anemia (both are common in ashkenazi jews right?
Serious hormonal imbalance?
Why do i have iron anemia when i eat allot of spinach?
Need to go to the doctor for my anemia?
Perhaps there's something i have that i'm not sure of such as anaemia?
I get low blood pressure almost everyday n its not anemia?
Foods with vitamin c but no citric acid?
I have a race tomorrow but i am anaemic?
"Can i get a hysterectomy at 15, im scared really?"
"I am 32 yrs old, hispanic female and my hair is thinning in front of my scalp that it looks like i am going?"
Why are my hands and feet always cold?
Do i have anaemia or am i just run down?
"I have severe migranes,anemia,irregular periods and unexplained joint pain.i want to support my family.?"
How long until im hospitalized?
Wonder is this gas is damaging my health?
Anemia but dont want iron pills?
Is it possible or not?
What are the nutrients responsible for the following diseases?
Osteoporosis heart disease high blood presure obesity cancer diabetes scurvy rickets nightblindess anemia and what would help correct them?
The worst to happen if anemia isnt treated?
What are these bites i wake up with?
In a row and my symptoms haven't changed a bit. is anemia detected in my annual blood test or not?
What is the cause for my grandfathers anemia?
What are the genetics of sickle cell anemia?
Cold like an ice cube and worse than a dead personfeet and legs are starting to stiffin?
"To stiffin. and swell a bit, is this normal?"
Of worrying my mom and making her think i might get anemia or faint in school. should i go to a better doctor?
"What could be wrong - headache, weight loss?"
Information as possible. could this be the change of medication doses?
Can someone please help me understand the connection?
My mom thinks i have an iron deficiency?
"Made of a 'magic' plant here in washington. could this be anemia, or is there another iron defiency?"
Feeling sick over my boyfriend in heart surgery?
Why am i suddenly so tired lately?
Do i have a thyroid problem please answer?
Do i have anemia or am i just ill?
Is this coeliac disease or something else?
Why do i have bruises on my legs?
(ladies only) what level of pain is normal on period?
Why does my period worsen my anemia?
May i have a list of genetic disorders?
"Failed blood test, and feeling faint and light headed?"
What is wrong with me - fatigue and exhaustion?
Going to a hematologist for anemia?
Iron deficiency anemia and dizziness while jogging?
A home test to know if i have anemia or not?
Why am i so tired all the time?
"Common, if my dosage lets anyone know if my case is more mild or more severe anemia?"
This before. is there something suggested by this?
Do i have anemia or is it something else?
Symptoms of anemia im 13 do you get diagnosed at birth or is it something that comes during life?
Enlarged red blood cells but in normal blood range?
Anybody know what can cause 104 fevers with no symptoms at all?
Is it possible that i will get anemia again?
"Again d; at work, i usually lose concentration (that's a sign of anemia, ya?"
Is it normal to feel this tired?
Extremely long menstrual cycle. should i be worried?
Hi. i have a blood disorder called autoimmune hypletic anemia. my hemoglobin is normal right now but still not?
What is the difference?
Is it just when your tired all the time or when your awake and can't sleep aswell?
How long does it take?
Frequently pee and intermittent back pain?
Question about iron deficiency anemia?
Explanation of my stool routine test result?
What are these symptoms from?
I'm sick should i go to school or stay home?
Is this a reaction to caffeine or tannins?
I need more energy and need to stop these food cravings?
How to tell my boyfriend i am aneamic?
Does anyone who has fibromyalgia has taken recuperation fm orange flavor?
How soon can i get results from a blood test?
Help painful bumps and lumps on my bones?
"Someone told me chronic dehydration, would it count?"
Is it possible my sister will grow taller than me?
Why do i feel weak and tired all of a sudden?
Random bruising all over legs?
Dizziness when i bend my neck after head and neck massage?
"I need help, my blood is too thin, i bleed way too much?"
Has anyone had their gallbladder removed and then their fibromyalgia symptoms disappear?
Do i have a hormone imbalance?
Is it because of my anemia?
"A while, so i haven't had the chance to ask this, but does anemia make you very tired?"
Has anyone else had this illness feeling dizzy very tired and upset stomach?
Do i have anemia help me?
I think i have anemia?
Friend now i like my body but i'm not healthy . i think i have anemia . how do i know?
Im 14 and need immodium all the time?
" day headache and getting worse, please help?"
What could my girlfriend have?
Why am i sleeping more and eating less?
Help me because my feet and hands are cold?
"Do i have anemia, and if so what is the cause?"
Why am i so tired and restless ?
Does anyone know what the name of this heart condition is called?
 hour energy nor any other energy drink helps at all. any suggestions please?
Could i have anaemia?
Can i get some medical advice please?
I cant be bothered doing anything anymore?
"If you eat one by mistake,does it give you kidney stones?"
Heartbeat irregular after exercise?
Why am i always so tired?
Are these symptoms of anemia?
Does this sound like a thyroid problem?
What does these symptoms mean?
Leg keeps twitching should i be concerned?
I feel weak tired and sleepy all the time ?
Opinions on what i could have medically?
Is my brother dying of chronic diarrhea?
"Constant fatigue,weakness,dizziness for over a year and a halfwhat could be wrong with me?"
How can i stop being so tired?
"Should i exercise and be thin or become ""thick""?"
Is it possible that i have anemia?
I think i may have anemia?
"Had breathing issues before, could i have anemia?"
Should i be worried about my ferritin level?
Does it sound like i have anemia?
What does it mean when the doctor says.?
I'm anemic but is this fair to my room mate?
What kind of arthritis do you think i have?
Why are my nail beds blue?
've been taking iron pills since then but could my anemia have gotten worse?
I get weird pains in my sides?
"Of other things that made me think i have something like anemia, like dizziness and fatigue and everything. what is it?"
Why do i feel dizzy and have these other symptoms?
Why do i have severe retinal fatigue?
What is wrong with my health?
Could there be a medical reson why i feel have tried all the time?
"Sleepy, dizzy and tired all the time?"
Strange period or painless ovarian cyst rupture?
Anemic and always tired help?
Like i'm in a daze my energy is so low. is this normal for anemia to still feel tired even after increasing iron intake?
I am tired do i have anemia?
Do i have chronic fatigue or something else?
Abnormal stomach cramps whilst on period?
I really need to know why my period was short?
I am on my period and my heart started skipping beats?
Question about routine blood work?
Why do i have white vision while running 1 mile?
I think i have anaemia?
What if you lose too much blood?
Super tired and gained a bunch of weight?
Googled the symptoms and i came across a thing called 'anemia' is it possible i could have it?
Iron supplements (anemia) runner question?
Fanconi anemia cause?
I crave blood and i'm not gothic or weird?
My blood vessels burst really easily?
Iron deficiency anemia?
How can i not be tired in the morning?
Sickle cell anemia trait symptoms?
When i get up! why do i feel like i may have anemia?
"Hello, does anyone know if it is possible to join the united states air force with sickle cell disease?"
"What are the pros and cons of it, what can it do to help, it is worth it for vertigo treatment?"
Why do i get dizzy so easily?
"Hodgkin lymphoma sufferers or doctors etc, help?"
"To a doctor, it sounds like anemia. i'm a huge hypochondriacwrong. does this sound like anemia to you?"
I think that i may be bipolar or have major depression?
A question about anemia?
And i went to the doctor and he told me i have anemia and i was wondering is it serious?
Anemia and extra skin.?
Eating problem making my life unbearable?
Feeling faint and dizzy on my period?
Why am i always so cold?
My mom thinks i sleep too much?
"Dizziness when i look down, tingles in my face, and weak legs?"
Anemia and anemia cravings?
"I am cold, have extreme fatigue, and very sore breasts?"
How do i lose weight?
Night sweat after being cold?
Up. could that be a reason?
"I agreed to work and i don't want too, help?"
What is the reason of this craving?
 year old male and i am afraid that i have colon cancer?
Dizziness and extreme muscle weakness after sprinting?
Should i have a blood test?
Is the doctor laying or could be true ?
Question about my anemia?
Does this sound like anemia?
How to get more energy?
Chronic fatige syndrome and me question?
I get really dizzy when im active?
Knees buckling and shaking cant breath properly?
Some one please answer how many calories this is?
What will the nurse say when i tell her this?
Do i have an iron deficiency?
I feel down and depressed/sad for no reason?
How can i get more energy?
Period was a week late and really light?
Who here is taking oxycodone for pain?
I have been prescribed this to take for the rest of my life for fibromyalgia. how many years and what doses have any of you ppl have taken?
"Recover from a fever. but, is it possible that i am having anemia?"
Does anyone know if there is any danger in receiving intravenous ozone therapy?
"Why do i sleep so much, but i'm still always tired?"
Why would i be shaking?
The blood illness that is caused by low iron is called?
Feeling sick and nauseous all the time?
Summer dizziness and headaches?
"Started and now i'm 105 pounds i have anemia, could that have anything to do with this?"
Always really tired unless im drunk or drink energy drinks?
Why have i been so tired lately?
"B12 loading dose and early, heavy period?"
Why do i get tired easily?
Lost 5 pounds in a short period?
Can anyone provide suggestions for weird symptoms i'm having?
My iron level is a 4?
Which kind of arthritis do you think i have?
Needing the toilet more than usual should i worry about diabetes?
I have no motivation to do anything & i'm always tired..?
High thyroid level symptoms?
Should i attend the doctor again?
Dizziness and numbness on my left arm and face?
Coeliac or lupus sufferers help?
Why do i always feel tired and dizzy?
Sleeping all day and nightwhat's wrong with me?
I'm 15 and my period is late i'm so scared please help?
Just found out my girlfriends anemic?
Why am i not used to cold weather?
"Do you think i have ""type 1"" diabetes?"
Do i tell the doctor that i'm going off birth control pill (but i'm anemic)?
Idk and starting not to care anymore?
Do i need a tetanus shot?
My allenwrench broke and it sliced me.?
What's the species of enterococcus found in semen culture?
"A c-section she is able to be awake during a major surgery, and not under anesthesia. or am i missing something?"
The topical anesthetic placed before the dentist administers the local anesthesia?
General anesthesia causing every muscle in body to ache the day after surgery?
Is that formal if the doctor stitched me without anesthesia?
Had anyone done the procedure eswl for kidney stones with spinal anesthesia?
"But they need more information ,so they will have to take it out. what kind of anesthesia will i be getting?"
"With my teeth. second, how much does getting dental anaesthesia hurt?"
Off. why did he have to die awake?
"My question is, can a dental hygienist learn how to perform anesthesia?"
At 8 am the next day. i think they will put me under general anesthesia. will i die?
What do some of these anesthesia terms mean exactly.?
The actual operation?
I had surgery to remove a thornwaldt about cyst about the size of a green grape from my nasal cavity?
How much would a nose job cost?
Wisdom teeth cut out. they're putting me under general anesthesia. will that make me loopy or tired?
 questions after what happens after wisdom teeth operation?
"Hernia, open or laparoscopic?"
Scared i'm going to die from getting my wisdom teeth out?
 can i still have the surgery?
Can i ask my doctor to write a couple extra days on my excuse?
I am having robotic uterine fibroid surgery coming up next week. i am scared to death to be put under?
How do i remove my gallbladder at home?
These days. can you have it done with local anesthesia?
"Are a little foggy. i found that it's used for anesthesia.. pain killer, and used to treat chronic depression?"
How detailed is medical coding in a hospital facility?
Do you get restrained during apendice surgery?
What should i expect at my cystoscopy?
Anyone tell me what to expect?
Color right now and i'm wondering if i should wait til the anesthesia wear off ?
"How much does the whole procedure generally cost, including the anesthesia?"
"Didn't mind at all. so, can i request the iv for anesthesia in my hand?"
There was a mass noted of the left vocal cord. the mass was approximately 2.0 cm in size and was removed?
"I am 14 yrs old, i don't have a dentist, and need braces, what should i do ?"
"And i have been told you have to go to hospital to have general anaesthesia, also i have bad cavities, what do i do ?"
"And he wanted to cut the external and internal hemorrhoid, right there with just local anesthesia. i mean is that really possible?"
Don't want to get high under anesthesia?
Im going to the dentist tomorrow and i hace afew questions?
Interactions between topical medications(retin a) and anesthesia?
There a possibility of a drug interaction between the retin a and the general anesthesia they will use during surgery?
I had surgery a week ago. a tube was not used but a mask by anesthesiologist . but i still have a sore throat?
Could my sore throat be from the anesthesia ?
Migraines associated with anesthesia overdose?
Is it really painful to eat?
Examples of drugs used for preanesthesia?
I'm worried about saying something embarrasing under anthesia?
Or is it basically the same as the general dentist except oral surgeons specialize in complex cases?
"Pay the money this misfortune is worth. so i want to treat the tooth at home, no anesthesia, is it a terrible idea?"
But doctors either cut it or pull it. would it be tolerable without anesthesia?
Going under anesthesia with oxycodone in system?
"T turn out as planned. i was hoping to just have local anesthesia, but my surgeon said it's too risky?"
And i can't seem to find anything on the ingredients of general anesthesia. morphine?
And will be getting general anesthesia! this question is when you wake up from anesthesia?
Do i need to have a catheter in me?
What is the lump on the roof of my mouth where i had a local anaesthesia shot?
Has anyone else experienced an increase in their child's appetite after anesthesia?
Women who have had an excisional breast biopsy?
How bad does surgery hurt?
Is it illegal to buy this kinda mask?
Am i likely to throw up with general anesthesia because of this?
My moler and my wisdom tooth are coming in together so i have to get it tooken out. what do the do?
I had surgery on wednesday on a barthalon cysts?
Going to sleep during upcoming surgery?
Should i get a spinal or just go under general anesthesia?
Has anyone tried kshara sutra for external and internal piles?
Can u tell me a little detailed information for this procedure?
Nervous about a shorter than normal period?
General anesthesia in surgery?
Does anyone know the statistics of people not waking up from anastesia?
Is there other options than a bone mar marrow to fimd what we need?
Why do i get nervous so easily?
The ones going in my penis. do you know how is the local anesthesia applied?
I have a really awkward question about gynecological surgery?
I have 7.2 inch penis but i need bigger one ranging 8 to 9 inchs. my penis thickness is 5 inch but i need more than 6 inch. how to increase it?
Had anyone done eswl with spinal anesthesia before?
Does the spinal hurt?
Chances of an 84 year old surviving an operation?
Will i be naked during my surgery?
General anesthesia question; wisdom teeth pulling?
Please can you explain what this actually means?
How would the dentists take out my wisdom teeth?
There anyway i can not be awake for it?
I'm scared to go under anesthesia?
Will this procedure be done as a day case or out patients?
Pregnant woman with von willebrand disease help please?
Anesthesia awareness?
Pediatrics or adult for surgery?
What is normal or average size of penis of an adult person?
Anesthesia for root canal?
To be operated for a tooth decay.how safe is it to take anesthesia for root canal?
Local or general anesthesia ?
Trouble peeing after surgery?
My pee out instead of it just flowing out?
Cost expectations for orthognathic surgery?
Worried about dying under anesthesia?
Can i avoid a palate injection?
No pain) and i have to get it out today. can i go without local anesthesia?
Endoscopy with general anesthesia?
It out i dont remember any of this now the doctor said i have to have general anaesthesia has this happened to anyone else?
Because i have been smoking will it have an affect on the anesthesia?
Nausea 6 days after wisdom teeth surgery?
Why do i pass out during dissections?
Anesthesia for teeth?
I am going to say something stupid when i wake up from the anesthesia ?
Is chloroform dranough to human's life?
Afraid of embarrassing myself when i get my wisdom teeth out. please answer (more inside)?
"Endoscopy done in the morning at 8:30. will it hurt me, with the anesthesia?"
"Getting wisdom tooth out, when can i eat normally again?"
Cataract surgery-anesthesia?
Will be present during op?
Alcohol and general anesthesia?
Neck contractions after dentist?
Risks for teeth extractions and neutering under general anesthesia for our 13-year-old lab retriever/chow mix?
Tiny whitish bump on the bottom of my foot?
Getting my wisdom teeth removed.i have a couple questions?
You think i'll be able to have them removed under local anesthesia instead of general?
Anesthesia needle pain?
Question about anesthesia?
I may need general anesteshia but it doesn't seem right?
General anesthesia and pvcs.. i'm nervous!!!!!!?
Wisdom teeth anesthesia question?
How to remove dark circles men?
Intravenous anesthesia or laughing gas!?
"When you have a surgery done, why is it?"
I am getting my wisdom teeth out?
"If so, what happens after the surgery?"
Facial numbness from xanax withdrawal. when will it go?
Person trained to administer anaesthesia for medical purpose?
Can someone suggest me a good skin doctor for laser treatment for warts in pune?
Should i go under again or not?
Is being an anesthisiologist fun?
Pain in my mouth please help?
This 32 year old female was burned by hot grease in her kitchen 1 week ago.?
An appointment with the dentist but my main thing is anesthesia?
Just had all my wisdom teeth removed?
Did you have to remove your wisdom teeth?
I have a 9cm ovarian cyst and ca-125 is 140?
Had a tooth pulled on the nhs a few years ago and i had no painkillers or anything?
Question about rectal prolapse surgery?
"Hi, i have undergone circumsion (fore skin) surgery 6 months back, i feel there is a lot down in errection?"
Should i use general or local anesthesia?
Gallbladder full of tiny stones?
Lump on buttock can it be cancer?
 year old getting turp surgery soon?
Doc make a date for me to come back and have a surgery(turp) under spinal anaesthesia some qus here it is painful to get spinal anaesthesia?
Sick after wisdom teeth removal?
Extremely tired after wisdom teeth extraction why?
Sinus surgery - do i have to have it?
Gallbladder removal surgery?
I'm getting my wisdom teeth removed?
Is it because of general anesthesia and iv fluid drips?
Billed for phantom aveoplasty?
Home-made anaesthetic?
Questions to ask dentist?
Depressed after surgery?
Breast augmentation cost?
And after 7 day he will remove 2 (one at the top the second on the bottom) with local anesthesia how bad will it be ?
Metabolizing medicine fast?
Im so scared of dying from this?
Each tooth. soo my question: do you think i'll have to get general anesthesia?
I have questions about tooth extraction.?
"Even if very low because it could still happen! so i read that general anesthesia has that risk but, what about local anesthesia?"
Questions about whipple surgery! need some answers!?
"Failed endoscopy, barium swallow?"
"I'm pretty sure this is my period, but i'm nervous?"
Dentist teeth cleaning question?
Dentist in like 2 years im 15 so should i expect a deep cleaning with anesthesia?
Pectus excavatum - nuss procedure pain?
"Say i am someone's match and i undergo the surgery, the one with full anaesthesia.. . must i take that drug that increases bone marrow production?"
What might be wrong with me?
"Got my wisdom tooth removed, help! question?"
Liposuction - should i go for it?
Ovarian cyst with general anesthetic?
Wisdom teeth extraction scared?
Out do i need to make sure tht they don't give me too much anesthesia?
Gallbladder surgery!!!?
I will die young from this?
Getting cavity filled tomorrow?
Underneath the gums. would it be better to wait and go under general anesthesia?
Stiff muscles.. help asap?
Fooled around with my boyfriend nervous please help!?
Eating before surgery?
What is this and what does it involve?
Wisdom teeth extraction 4 days later pain increased !!!?
"Having dental work, terrified.?"
I just had a vasectomy?
Can i sue my dentist?
 shouldn't he have taken x-rays?
My heart rate was 120?
Wisdom teeth removal help?
Should i expect during the surgery and what is better local or general anesthesia?
Painkillers for teeth?
"To the dentist its like a phobia, even though she gives me anesthesia for the pain its still hurts?"
Really irregular period?
I think i will die from this?
Wisdom tooth removal?
Very little discharge: normal?
Forever lumps!!!!!! please help!?
I forget easily!!! please help?
To do even just in a while they say when you had a general anesthesia(?
Reason for death after hernia operation?
"Oral cysts, really scared?"
Period during surgery?
Problems with wisdom tooth help?
";ve never had one done before, so i have no idea. do you have to get anesthesia before you go into the machine or do you stay awake?"
Very very stiff muscles!?
Surgery worries!!!!!!?
Getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow?
Fear of general anaesthesia?
Can anyone get over my fear?
Should i get my tonsils out?
Is circumcision symbolic and special?
Hard to breathe through an oxygen mask?
Questions for a dental hygienist?
General anaesthesia and bunion surgery?
.is there a risk of dying from this?
"I got pain in my throat after a surgery that had yesterday,why?"
'm 15 and i have a 18.7 cm long and 13cm girth dick. how can i increase it?
Which exercise is the best for manhood enlargement and reduction of women tommy?
Laser removal of genital warts?
Do these medication cause an impairment to breath?
"Please help me, i'm scared of having surgery?"
Working out after wisdom teeth surgery?
How can i make fat my penis?
A small black dot on my back doc said its sebaceous cyst?
Tooth filling and high blood pressure?
Should i get botox injections?
I am due to have this surgery i would like to know if anyone has experience they can share?
"Small,clear bump in my lower lip inside my mouth?"
How to enlarge penis size?
What are my chances of getting dry socket?
Do you lose control of you bladder if numbing cervix?
Yesterday i had a frenuloplasty and have some questions?
What are the chances of me having oral cancer?
"Way to do this (i.e. infection prevention, local anaesthetics, etc.)?"
How can i fast for 2 days?
Has anyone had diathermy of cervix after colposcopy?
Severe headache and tooth pain following tooth filling?
Im thirteen and have to get my wisdom teeth taken out?
To those who had had their wisdom teeth out?
How common is it for someone to react badly i anaesthetic?
"Okay, i know that you pass out, but what happens before that?"
Too scared to go to the dentist?
Go because of the pain i experienced last time! why didnt the anaesthetic work and how can i get over my fear?
How long is it until you recieve treatment after referal?
So i just got a filling about an hour ago and i also need to be somewhere in an hour. how can i make the numbness wear off faster?
How long does your gum's stay frozen for?
Can anyone tell me the pros and cons of each pancreatic surgery?
Has anyone had root canal treatment?
I'm having surgery tomorrow afternoon and i'm really scared?
Is this a toenail infection or something else?
"My father had angioplasty twice , and his lvef is 25%, doctor is recomanding for implanting a pacemaker. can a?"
Does anyone know of a hospital where they carry out the nucleoplasty procedure?
"I know it doesn't hurt at the time,but what does it feel like?"
How to calm down about it?
Am having the sides taken off. i know because of local anaesthetic it won't hurt during but how much will it hurt afterwards?
And the bone. i am just wondering will i be put under general anaesthetic or will it be local anaesthetic or can i choose which one i want?
"I feel like to faint, because my grandma needs a peace maker for the heart, and she is scared to get it?"
How do i convince her to get it?
What to take for a strep throat?
Urgent what's happened to my kidney stone?
Glucose found in urine sample?
To find glucose in my urine?
Going to a different hospital for surgery?
"Urgent: cystoscopy, what do i do?"
"Uncomfortable' so unsure what to expect, i am having it done with local anaesthetic. i'm going to be on my period, will this change anything?"
Ingrown toenail surgery questions?
Nurofen and it didn't do anything?
What happens afterwards?
Tooth extraction possible complication?
Is it a painful operation?
Some one who goes for hard labour job can he undergo circumcission?
What is this numbness?
Lube or spray that numbs penis and kills sperm?
I have to get 4 teeth pulled!?
Full or partial knee replacement?
And then will they use sevofluorane ?
Ingrown toe nail surgery?
Will the dentist use gas?
I'm 14 and having surgery?
"Extremely scared, cystoscopy!?"
"It sounds absolutely awful and uncomfortable, it'll be done with local anaesthetic.. what is going to happen?"
Dentist advice needed?
Swollen face after dental injection?
Is it my dentist's fault?
Dentist surgery questions?
"Cervical and vulvar cancer, i'm getting surgery?"
What do i need to expect for this?
"So, apparently i'm trypanophobic?"
Cornea transplant question..?
Anyone tell me first of all will i likely have a local/general anaesthetic?
Wisdom tooth removal stress?
"Up, and operate with me awake?"
Help!!! im really scared?
"Need a pacemaker just because of a seizure, why?"
What would the dentist do to my tooth?
How to get rid cochlear implant to normal?
What can i do before surgery?
Vasectomy with any anaesthetic?
Information about getting a tooth pulled out !?
Dentist anaesthetic-popping sensation?
Root canal treatment questions?
Piece of gravel in my finger?
Filling really aches when eating/drinking?
Should i get a root canal?
Impacted wisdom tooth and molars removed same day?
Should i have my ears pinned back?
Will i be put to sleep?
Scared of being put to sleep?
"Hi, i would like to enquire the following:?"
Pectus excavatum surgery?
I'm 15 and i really want to get pectus excavatum surgery to fix it. would anyone know how painful the surgery is?
The train is leaving the station?
Women who have had colposcopy and biopsy results ..?
Tight foreskin and frenulum?
Impacted tooth horizontaly placed help?
Heart beat was too fast?
"Got my wisdom tooth out, questions?"
Longest nosebleed you've ever had?
I was wondering how long the longest nose bleed you've ever had was?
My wisdom teeth got removed and.?
Cut on my inner labia near urethra.. kills?
Wisdom teeth aftermath?
Anything. why is she acting this way?
"I'm 17 , getting wisdom teeth out?"
What is this condition?
Mm nodule on lung/biopsy?
Hey i was wondering if anyone could help me ?
Don't think it is goin away - after a week :( could this be anal warts?
Likely is the body going to absorb the substance with plenty of fluid through anal application?
"Not have any stds from maternal diseases either. so if we have anal sex without a condom, is it still possible?"
I had anal sex a week ago. it hurt because i didn to its normal size if i didn't have anal sex for the next year or so?
Yeast infection from anal to vaginal sex?
Problems that can occur from anal sex?
I had anal for the first time last night and ibody that could be harmful as a result of the anal?
Without a gall bladder?
"Would she still be capable of anal sex, is what i'm asking. not the grin and bear it kind, but be a willing participant?"
What types of other masturbation is there?
Anyone know how to remove anal skin tags?
"And bought some silicone anal beads today, and we're bothcannot be avoided when using anal toys?"
Why do you have to be 18 or older to buy a sex toy?
"Negative(clean) does that mean we can have all the unprotected sex(vaginal, anal, and oral) as we please?"
Okay so if you thought you might have genital warts in the anus or maybe a hemriod what doctor do you go to?
Please help constipated tried a laxative and nothing?
Why does my butt hole hurt so much when i poop?
Am i supposed to put the whole thing in?
What is the risk of hiv in this type of gay activity?
Is it normal to fart at work?
"After you do number two in the bathroom, how are you supposed to wipe?"
"Ultra sensitive skin around your butt hole.. maybe that's why i get anal itch so much, because i rub so hard how do you wipe?"
Can our body eliminate hpv std from our bodies?
Should i use a condom for anal sex ?
That really possible?
I just had a thick mucas subtance from my anus?
Should i have the doctor look at this?
How to get red solo cup out of?
Is it anything serious if my rectum only hurts?
Stools are fine. is it possible this could be a simple anal fissure?
Hemorrhoid acting up?
"I done anal without a condom, i need advice quick?"
I got a pimbles on my pinus and testicles?
How high is risk of hiv when?
I'd like to try it with my partner but i'm worried something like this can happen. any tips or advice?
My dog suffers from bad anal glands vet told us to give her more roughage. what can we give her?
Do i have an anal yeast infection?
 female and recentley i just tried to poo and i looked down at my vagina and something pink was hanging out?
Medical risks of having sex with a guy who has an abnormally large penis?
Do i need to see a regular family physician or do i go to an internal medicine specialist or a proctologist?
How at risk of hiv am i?
External hemorrhoid that only hurts during bowel movement?
"Constipated and in pain, what shall i do?"
Do i have herpes or am i being paranoid?
Well i was on my period (like bleeding out and stuff) and it was the second day of my period . me an boyfriend?
Do most straight guys enjoy anal stimulation during intercourse?
Just a little rubbing around the outside does the trick. i'm pretty comfortable with it but i was just curious to know if this is common?
"Teeth clenching, anal itching, weakness, memory loss?"
I have some health issues i wonder if they are co-existing?
Why is there blood in my stool?
What medical issue may i be having around my anal area?
"Both never had sex, but is there still a risk of std's?"
My dog has anal glands for half a year?
"Just itching himself, but no i realised he has anal glands for over half a year!! is he gonna die?"
I just wanted to know if doctor doing this procedure is actually testing for appendicitis?
Sore after anal and dont fancy it anymore?
Dump out fleet enema solution and add water?
"I think it's an external hemorrhoid, it's been a week, i'm pretty worried?"
Do u guys think i might have a period soon?
"Complete seriousness, planning to do anal sex with girlfriend?"
I have bad back pain and other medical problems?
Why does my boyfriend *** fast?
Is it my first period and whats this brown stuff?
I have a question about anal fissures?
How could i get an std?
Men. how many of you know the truth about heterosexual hiv?
Straight just because they were ashamed to admit partaking in anal sex?
Should i rest my worries or still get a test please help?
"I mean, isn't the intestines extremely dirty and full of bacteria?"
Do you guys think i might have my period soon?
Please help; how can i make anal sex hurt less?
"Anal herpes, anal genital warts or anal yeast infection?"
Why am i burning from anal sex?
"Red line in butt crack and pain, plus tiny hole?"
"Extra, plump, red skin near anal hole?"
Whats my chances of gettin herpes from my friend?
What prevents people from understanding how hiv is transmitted?
"If the body fluid it is in is dry, would the virus die?"
The day my period starts is killing me (serious answers only please)?
Can you get premature anal dysfunction from.?
What does it mean to lose your virginity?
I know it is a stupid question. i know that it is when you have sex but what about gay sex?
" year old girl, constipation and is a cup of coffee daily bad?"
Blood when i wipe and sore after wipeing?
Am i suffering form a sexually transmitted disease (std) ?
Does it happen to anyone else?
Question but i dont know what to answer.will it be detected that he had anal sex in medical examination?
"Vaginal itching and discharge - out of answers, please help?"
"Blood in stools and antibiotics, please help?"
"Like i still want to get head but i dont want hpv. also, anyone out there still get hpv when you had gotten the gardasil for men vaccine?"
Lightheaded afterwards. i just feel bad. does anybody else experience this after anal sex?
And my bf had an unprotected anal sex.. he pulled out earlier stomach and abdominal pain after anal sex be a sign of pregnancy?
How to make jerking off more pleasurable?
"After kissing this girl last night, i have had a sore throat.?"
Having anal sex for the first time?
Are these symptoms of stress?
And just anything fun i like to do. and frequent bleeding from th anal as well. is this all stress related?
(girls only) how do you masturbate as a woman?
"Pharmacists or health providers, numbing cream question, plz help?"
Herpes or anal fissure?
What are these dots on my body ?
How should i ask my mom to take me to get tested for hiv?
What is this yellow stuff coming out of my butt?
Internal hemorrhoids and vaginal sex?
If i have vaginal sex?
When i use the restroom there is blood in my stool?
Red dots on penis head after anal sex ?
How come my privates sting when i have poop?
Scary feeling after anal intercourse?
My boyfriend wants me to try anal..?
Went to the bathroom and noticed my feces was red?
I wiped my *** and noticed it was redish brown. i felt no pain. any ideas?
Suddenly weeks constipation with no change in diet?
My stomach is full of poop ?
My friend wants to know what is the white stuff that comes out of his *** after anal sex?
Is it okay for me to call me-ma about my constipation problems?
Is your penis supposed to touch your vagina?
I have chronic gastrointestinal problems?
Ever since i consumed semen from tyrone's abnormally large penis via raging anal sex?
My behind area is extremely itchy?
Help anal inflamation?
Anal bleeding and leakage?
Anal sex fainting and discharge?
But now i'm feeling that somewhat unnatural cold feeling again why did this happen and hoe can i prrpare for anal sex more safely?
How to have the best orgasm ever?
Scary feeling after anal intercouse?
What are the hiv and the symptoms?
To kick in and what are the first symptoms?
Help with anal problem?
On lorazpem can i use philips milk of magnesia?
What gastrointestinal disorder do i have?
When should i take this stool softener?
Bleeding after anal sex?
Get really constipated at least once a year?
Have i been exposed to hiv?
Why does is hurt when he goes deep?
Do i need to get checked for hiv?
Anal masturbation ibs?
"Weird rash around vagina, hate to ask this?"
Anal sex without condom?
I'm ready to put a q tip up there and hope for the best. what can i do?
How to fix my pooping problem?
How can i stop being constipated?
Post anal fistula surgery?
Anal sex and bowel movements?
Shes on bc and she has went to the bathroom after every time and pushed any semen out. could she be pregnant?
Ladies only!how to make anal hurt less..?
Anal bleeding (please help)?
Gastric stomach pain after anal sex?
Itchy rash after anal sex?
Do i have hemerroids or an anal fissure?
"I've heard people say that you're not supposed to do that, but is that true?"
I have been wanting to try sex with another girl for quite a while?
Questions about anal sex!?
Something to do with your butt. can you get them from doing anal?
Any one care to shed some light?
Anal sex question! please help!?
(18+ age question 18+) is this a disease or cancer?
Scared and have anxiety over possible hiv exposure?
"Help, major problems after anal sex.?"
Can a doctor or nurse please tell me what i have?
Where do i get an enema?
Vaginal and anal pinworms?
Small cuts around vagina/possible anal fissures. please help.?
Constipation and sore anal area?
Blood in stool after anal fingering?
Is this feeling my prostate straining?
"Professional advice needed plz, could this be something serious overlooking?"
Hpv positive- hemorrhoids vs anal cancer?
Pain two days after anal sex?
Genital warts or hemorrhoids?
Can i get hiv if someone shoves blood or semen up my butt?
Sex question (anal sex specifically)?
Is it normal to have a bit of blood after going toilet ?
Unprotected anal sex for 1 minute! hiv- partner?
I have problems in anal fisting?
Question about anal play?
Anal sex then vaginal sex?
Is this anal pain serious?
Any good homemade anal toys?
"Anal sex addiction, help?"
Anal with condom issue?
Anal herpes plz help?
Sex question. need some anal advice?
Is this an anal fissure or something else?
Thin condom for anal sex?
Always feeling bloated and can't go to the toilet?
Pinkish blood on toilet paper when i go for a poo?
Anal skin tag/growth?
Anal sex aftermathwhat do i do!!!!?
Do i have an infection?
"Are your bowel movements regular, how important is such a thing to you?"
Really sharp pain when going to the bathroom?
I have blood in stools..i have booked an appointment with the doctor. how will the doctor diagnose th problem?
Lump near my anal hole ?
Can you look like you'd do anal?
Pregnancy with anal sex?
 i think i pulled my asshole?
Help i ate too many fiber one bars?
"Question is, should i be worried?"
Is this supposed to still hurt?
Do i have anal warts?
"Please help, my butt hurts really bad?"
Possible anal fissure?
What do you think i should do?
Alot of anal bleeding?
Does this happen to anyone else's butt?
What is this lump on my penis?
Weird smell day after anal?
"Anal pain, is it anal fissure or hemorrhoid or what?"
My boy friend has burning while pissing for last 5 month he is taking enough water as well urine reports are?
Does this sound like i have a problem with my prostate?
What is this lump near my anus ?
Tiny white dots around genitals std?
"Burns when i urinate and it hurts. muscle pain, anal burn. what is it?"
What does once in every 400 times mean?
Ahhh please help is this normal ?
How do i get the perfect night of sleep?
I have some white bumps that worry me (serious answers only!!)?
How to finger yourself properly?
Help i don't know if i should have this checked?
Girlfriend of 2 years pooped on my penis?
Twitching/elevated blood pressure/pain on the side of the head/blood in stool?
My stomach hurt so much after i went to the bathroom after being constipated for days.?
Drug facilitated rape?
Do i need to get tested for hiv?
My penis did pain and white stuff at its head plse help 10 pints to helps me?
My family keeps forcing me to eat. what should i do?
Pain when i go to the bathroom?
I cant seems to clear my bowels for 2 days?
What is going on with my lady parts!?
A smell i need to get rid of.?
I have discharge coming out from my penis..?
Just passed quite alot of blood with stood?
Is it possible for me to get an std?
"Is my boyfriend emotionally abusive, why does he think its okay for him to treat me like this what should i do?"
I need some help with health anxiety! i have 2 children:)?
"Itchy anus for over two months, help!?"
"Have sort of a big fleshy bump between my anus and my.. private area, could it be anal cancer?"
There is ink coming out when i poop what do i do?
Can someone tell me what stds is?
Does this person have piles (pic included)?
Bleeding from my bum?
Poop blood please help!!!!!!!!!!?
"Super constipated, should i take a laxative?"
What is this pain in my behind ?
Am i constipated or is something wrong ?
Constipation and masturbation connection?
These stool softener pills are not working?
Bad cramps and red blood pouring from rectum?
Am i really hiv negative?
Unexplained weight loss causes?
"Embarrassing question,4 the last 2 months,every time i, poop, i have pain & bleed from overstretching i think?"
What am i experiencing?
"Bright, red blood in my stool?"
Constipation after diarrhea?
Is there something wrong with my stool?
My rbc in stool examination is 6-8 ?
Medial experts i need you?
"Constipated for 10 days, now experiencing severe pain when passing bowel movement.?"
What is it constipation?
Slow trickle of blood when i poop?
Help i think i've broke my anus?
Bleeding severly from my rectum.?
My anus hurts constantly?
Why do i have really dark blood in my poop?
Home remedies for constipation?
Hpv help can someone help me?
"Is this just constipation,ibs,or something more serious?"
Please help my friend has blood coming out of his anus regularly i need to help him?
I am going to keep my age to myself but i will provide possible all the details you would need. how much blood?
I am wondering if i am constipated?
"I was takingva dump and it proved to big, and there was tear, i carried on pooping but then diarrhea came out, could i die?"
Do i have an anal fissure?
Im 19 ive had constipation and diarrhea for the past few days. my anus feels loose kinda like relaxed you could say?
Am i likely to get another hemorrhoid?
Has anyone tried linzeness for ibs constipation?
Really bad hemorroids or constipation?
"Help, i've been nauseous and constipated for a week now?"
Severe lactose intolerance reaction?
Anal fissure with bladder infection?
Stack in the bowels or what?
What could chest pains mean?
Constipation problems got a pudge in my stomach help?
Laxatives that work in 17 hours work faster..?
I was in a rush while at the store and picked up the wrong kind of laxatives. i picked up the laxatives that take 17-24(?
Do you think this will help my ibs -c get better ?
Been constipated for 7 months no medical attention?
I don't no if i am constipated or not but i havent poo for 6 days but i went 3 times today and the first 2?
"Bleeding when i poo, why is this?"
"Anal fissure, should i go or?"
What is wrong with my anus?
I haven't made a bowel movement in 2 weeks?
Bleeding when going to the bathroom?
Coeliacs disease for my coursework?
I bleed a lot when i poop?
Blood in stool and constipated?
"I need to poop, but i can't (15 year old boy)?"
"Pain in stomach, can't go to the bathroom?"
"Im pretty sure i have colon cancer but im 13, any ideas?"
Excreting blood from the anus?
Is this constipation or something else?
Why is there blood in my stools?
My butt hurts for some reason help ?
Everything was fine but now for some reason my butt hole hurts a lot and when i touch it it burns. help what do i do?
Always constipated please help?
I've been having sharp anal pains?
Why did blood come out my stool?
Feeling like constipation and tiny amount of blood in loois this dangerous for me?
Bloody after using bathroom?
Going to the toilet problems please help!?
Bright red blood in stool?
I had this in the last 4 days. and i am worried because it doesn't heal. i poo everyday so maybe that's the reason?
I have blood in my stool and need answers!?
Severe constipation tried everything?
Just took a laxative is it safe to?
"This was the first time i tried a laxative i had major bloating and pain in my left side and figured out it was constipation, cute right?"
Can anyone tell me what is wrong with me?
What is going on with me?
Constipation for about 3 days?
Anyone with chronic constipation ?
My son have so much constipation and he has black spots on down sides of eyes he is four years old & give diet?
Light red blood in stool?
I ate chocolate laxatives?
Why is my butt bleeding?
Please help! really urgent?
Should i use fleet enema?
Constipated really bad?
I am insanely constipated?
It hurts so bad that i honestly felt like crying. i couldn't even use the restroom because it would hurt so bad to go. what should i do?
Haven't been pooping?
"Haven't been feeling well, constipated?"
Rather gross poop question?
Chronic constipation?
Constipation quick fix?
Light brown stool and ibs?
Blood when i go to the bathroom! :(?
Do i have hemorroids?
Blood after you sheet?
I can't go to the bathroom?
Please help me! natural laxatives?
Why am i constipated?
I know it's grossbut blood in stool?
Super constipated i need help ?
Severe constipation (40 days +) please help!?
Please help me im so stressed!!!! no idea what this is!!!?
Urgent! i can't go to the bathroom?
Constipated. help please!?
"Fecal impaction, it won't go!?"
Constipation problems!!?
I'm constipated and need help.?
Possible hemorrhoid .. need doctor or no?
Urgent! i cannot use the bathroom?
I havent gone poo in 1week?
I can't poooooo!heh seriously i need help though?
Constipated for 8 days(10points best answer)?
Is this bowel cancer?
Isabgol or psyllium husk?
My poops have been hurting!?
"Constipation, anus tingling itchy?"
Anus with external hemorrhoids !?
Constipated for a week!?
Constipation advice please?
Help! my anus won't stop bleeding?
Constipation question?
"Constipated, took a laxative.?"
Days after laxative use!!!!!?
I'm always constipated?
Please help i dont know whats wrong.?
Ibs-d and sibo..is my life over at 28?
How often can i use them?
Bright red blood in poop?
"Im constipated, help!!?"
I'm always constipated ?
I am constipated please help!?
Urgent!!! passing stool hurts way too much!?
Stomach problems! help!?
Stomach problems! please help!?
"Constipation, stomach cramps?"
Blood when i go to the bathroom?
Is this blood or just red?
Bleeding from the butt?
Getting off laxitives?
Sexually transmitted disease?
"Uti male,18 years old,!10 points .?"
Why is gay sex linked to hiv?
"Any distinct activity, hiv + people do?"
Lol . so please i need to know what's causing anal itching since i don't have any kind of std or any other infection?
Hemmorrhoid question?
White specks in my feces?
Hemmorrhoids help!!!!!!!!!!!?
Could i have colon cancer?
I have anal itching(serious answers please)?
Need to know what is going on down below!?
Sore throat 3 days could it be a std?
Question regarding pin worms?
Spots on my penis head?
Why was i refused surgery?
Lump near anus. help!?
I had anal sex a week ago. it hurt because i didnto its normal size if i didn't have anal sex for the next year or so?
I am beginning to wonder if it will ever work?
"Birth control pills- started and period came next day, am i peotected under 7 days?"
Help do i need to take plan b?
So i have what i think is a hemmoroid or fissure?
Red itch between butt cheeks?
What are the chances i caught hpv from her?
I have a question on hiv about gay stuff?
Why don't you wash your bottom?
Is my x lying about shes pregnet?
My rectal itchy for a year?
Myself from cleaning from having sex?
Weird discharge and rash?
Is this a hiv symptoms?
Something discussing happened to me?
I had anal sex unprotected on 24th of march and got my periods on 16th of april ..?
Itchy anus for over a year?
"Help!!!what do i do, my dick hurts!!!!!!?"
Could it be herpes or something else !?
Anything else that could cause blisters around my butt hole ?
What would cause a women to wobble n?
Do i have uti or kidney failure?
Bump on lip 2 days after kissing/oral?
Embarrasing situation?
Penis is bleeding please help me now?
I did something terrible?
I have a fish smell all of the sudden?
Questions about antibiotics for chlamydia..?
Cure chlamydia if i've given oral?
Have i contracted hiv?
Is my hiv test accurate?
With anyone other than my husband. we do not engage and never will engage i anal sex. how on earth can this be?
Do i have a hemorrhoid?
Someone please help me (bumps anus)?
Vag problemsis there such thing as too tight?
I pooped blood today.. d: why ?
I hope i'm not pregnant again?
Could that even happen?
Me and my boyfriend do have sex all the time but we always wear condoms. and i shower daily?
Help have i got hiv!?
Plz help. std or freaking out?
Was this rapehappened so long ago but still plays on my mind.?
Gonorrhoea or paranoia?
"Help really worried, possible std?"
I have hiv symptoms..?
Crater-like sore on anus?
Risk of heterosexual hiv?
Positive for gonorrhea?
Questions on chlamydia?
Is this kid a bad influence?
Can someone tell me how much of an enema a person can hold and what does it do exactly and which nozzles best?
Anus bleeding (please help).?
Bad to accidently push dick in girlfriend's butt then have vaginal sex?
Do guys seriously like to smell girls down *there*?
Should i hook up with this guy?
"After my girlfriend have had anal, her as was bleeding right after?"
I dont know if it anxiety or i have hiv or any stds?
"Having rape fantasies, feel like a pervert?"
"I spelt it wrong, and not even spell check will help me out. lol i know it has something to do with your butt. can you get them from doing anal?"
Anus pain after anal sex?
"When not wearing condom, where you come when you pull out?"
Need some help and advice about hpv and stds?
I have a lot of blood in my crap whats wrong?
Can you only get an std from sex or can you just have one?
Anal bleeding what can it mean?
Pregnant from anal sex?
How does sperm feel like in the butt ?
What are the chances of me having hiv?
Questions about being drunk help?
I was wondering how far can the anus be stretched.?
Blood in stools then stopped?
"I have random fears i can't seem to get over, someone help?"
Does he have aids or not?
Why do i have a discharge?
Is my gf cheating on me?
Any chance i have an sti or std?
Fear blood and hiv infection?
Please answer!!!! why havn't i gotten my period yet and when will i get it?
"Please help, yeast infection?"
Penile fungal infection possibility?
All guys should open this?
Im really scared about hiv.?
Chlamydia question..?
Bump/sac/cyst on anus?
Problem with masturbation?
"So when my penis is soft i can reach and put it in my butt but as soon as i get hard it becomes impossible, how do i achieve this?"
I can't live like this hpv is killing me?
Warts for 2years hpvwil it ever go away?
How does anal wart remove at hospital costs?
Doctors are refusing to remove anal warts/tags help?
"Will it ever clear from immune system(such as symptoms dissapear or it does undetactable), or do i have it forever?"
Surgery anal warts taking too longim going mad help?
Analgesia with a left supraclavicular nerve block?
How long will emla 5% (5g) numb the surface of the skin for?
What to do for tongue bite?
I have stone in my galbladder since 2010 at that time it was 9mm and after soo many treatments its?
When i smoke weed this is what happens?
What qualification to become a dental therapist?
Also is the pay good.. and is it a good job?
I have prepetallar bursitis kneecap?
Do i have laryngitis?
Ppt on hofmann elimination of anesthetics?
I need advice about analgesics (i'm dope sick)?
"What is a pill called ""ic oxycodone hcl 5""?"
What is the street price and does it get you high?
Paragard iud side effects ?
Should i not use silver sulfadiazine?
Best painkiller/home remedy for sore muscles 12-24 hrs after gymnastics?
My doctor gave me more 3 scripts for oxycodone at a time.?
What do you do for spider bites?
"So, i used to take 10mg hydrocodone, what would 5 ml be?"
Why am i still so sore?
Joint pain in my fingers?
 years old with terrible growing pains!!?
Me and a friend took some hydrocodone we had a bad cough but it wasn't a perception?
Uneasy feeling in stomach?
Fever blister advice?
Do i lack opiate receptors?
Finally got my wisdom teeth removed but i have sone questions?
 paracetamol 33 hours ago?
Well vicodin help me sleep?
Kidney infection/ renal failure ?
Burnt my hand.. help?
I can't breathe well?
Elbow pain / swelling?
Tooth pain plase help!?
Allergic to cats adavice.?
Am i having a serious allergic reaction to a bee sting?
Wheat allergy help!!?
Where can i buy an epipen (epinephrine autoinjector) in india?
Just wondering if anyone knows how it feels to go into anaphylactic shock?
Question about peanut allergies?
Vascular response (to inflammation) and systemic reactions.10 pts?
Random question about allergies?
I am 13 and i think i have an allergy?
I need medical help now..can someone help me?
Really plump red lips?
Before their throat closes or can their throat just close without those symptoms occurring before hand)?
Has anybody experienced an anaphylaxis shock begore?
"If so, how did it happen and what was the allergen?"
Catamenial anaphylaxis info?
Anaphylaxis.. am i haveing an alergic reaction?
I think people never notice that they are allergic to food?
Do your eyes start tearing causing headache running nose and then sneeze?
Weird rash type thing on my neck?
Which is not a part of of the immune system?
Help am i haveing an alergic reaction?
I ha an anaphylactic shovk last nihht at twelve.it happened from taking too many tablets .it has been 18 hours since it happened.can i smoke?
Interstitial fluid get returned to the blood?
"Stomach ache and rashes, itchy skin all over body?"
Am i having an asthma attack?
Is this a food allergy?
Question about a latex allergy?
Please make the itching stop!?
Bee sting help please?
Antibiotics overdose!!!!!!!!!?
Blood clots with paragard iud?
"Please help any suggestions would be great. doctor did give me a prescription for anaprox., will this prescription work?"
Horrible menstrual cramps?
Best anatomy/ human body app?
Testosterone levels (read for info)?
Told my hormones are not right. i have more androgens (?
What to do to get rid of this embarassing thing?
Disproportionate with my body.is this because i am overweight?
What are the medications and how much do they cost?
Possible hormonal imbalance that's causing this?
Women with hormonal imbalance and hormonal acne?
"Irregular period, fixed itself after 3 years?"
Has anyone had acne and used ceraxette mini pill?
If so did it improve?
Androgen secreting tumour?
Why have i not come on my period?
This is kind of embarrassing but i have questions about excess androgens/hair growth (i'm a female)?
Havnt had my periods in 42 days and sexually inactive?
Already have irregular periods and have passed 2 months this time?
Testosterone booster and height?
Should i take the medication?
Is it possible to lose gyno?
Don't know what to do about my acne ?
Why man sperm nil please anwer?
Do i need to visit the gp help?
A function of the testes is to?
I can't stop masturbating?
Sex drive but no erections.?
Help.me periods.problem?
Android app which suggests walking routes based on your postcode and level of fitness?
Food database app on android for diabetics?
How many calories am i burning everyday?
Everyday by this procedure ?
Have that could help?
Should i go about doing this?
How can i delay my period?
Is this good to lose weight ?
Any apps for android?
This get running android software advices to run 20 minutes with no rests continuously on the 4th week of the?
.of the interval training program. it has 1 minutes run 1 minutes walk pattern. finally 20 mins run. is that wise?
Can you please list what a 14 year old girl would be like if she's hormanal and then a seperate list if she would be depressed?
Hi so every year in school every student and staff walk 10 miles in june. how many calories would you burn?
I dont really like a lot of foods but if people could gimme a lot of recipes for lunch and dinner?
"Can you help me build an app like this (healthcare, dental care, x-ray, ct scan)?"
Website that will keep track of your weight and weight loss?
How can i lose weight while taking insulin for type 2 diabetes?
Doctor/nurses etc i need your advice as to whether i should come forward with my evidence in court?
Ive been doing that and now im 113 i lost 4 pounds is there anything else i can add to my excersis so i can be 106 pounds?
Exercises to firm up your arms?
I need a recommendation for a fitness book?
How do i maintain the weight?
Questions about starting to do squats ?
Ab workout for female?
** 5 tablets - 7 inch - what is best ***?
How do i loose 20 pounds with in 2 weeks or 3?
Need some advice regarding tablets.?
How to find out walking distance?
Whats my activity level?
Feeling a bit lonely and depressed..?
Saftey issues with in-ear spy product?
Feel sick after playing games on pc.. help!?
Bikini body for this summer?
"But like, you use to shave your head?"
Worn ankle cartilage?
On how to alleviate the pain from bones rubbing together?
He doesn't want me anymore?
Am i considered active?
"Rest of the day i'm either reading, cooking, or am on my android. am i lightly or moderately active?"
Website or app about weight loss?
I hate self disgust makes me so depressed?
Sleep as android deep sleep average 70%?
I think something's wrong with me- it's worse than depression?
Is my weight and height ok?
Is this safe and would it work?
Only feel happy of a morning?
Can i lose weight in 80 days?
Muscle gain and fat loss.1500 calories?
Ive lost 6lb in 2 weeks?
Does this sound like depression?
Im trying to six pack abs?
"I feel so messed up, what's wrong with me?"
Am i suffering from depression?
I think it's time to commit?
Diet for the suicidal?
Please help its pretty urgent!?
Please help me! my grandmother died!?
I have a serious question abour dmz and pct?
Could there be something wrong with me?
Why do i always feel very hot?
Do i have an anxiety problem?
Should i have a hysterectomy?
Am i turning into a anorexic?
Am anorexia or something?
Sleeping all day and night..what's wrong with me?
 and need a hysterectomy?
Weird effects after smoking weed?
To weed if it's been fine twice?
", i can't move around. i feel terrible. is it possibly anemia?"
What body systems are impacted?
"My father has all these symptoms, help?"
What is my condition?
Dizzy when i tilt my head & weird lump at the back of my neck?
Want pictures because i am already repulsed by harlequin ichthyosis and anencephaly. so is there an info site with no pictures?
Does it sound like im anerexic?
Tub of lard. i'm 15 male 5.9 ft tall 158 lb does this sound like anerexia?
Do i have a eating disorder?
"Really upset, and i absolutely need to lose that 40 pounds! is anerexia an option?"
I don't think my mum is mentally normal?
Is this a type of eating disorder?
Was it an eating disorder?
Eating disorder question?
Blood patch and headaches?
The info i want. i want to work in pediatrics. what exactly does an dental anesthesiologist do and how hard is it?
"If i start work as a phlebotomist or a cna, would it help me build up to better fields such as crna?"
"Anesthesiologist, obgyn, etc?"
I have to write a paper on what happens once someone arrives at a burn unit.?
"I'm thinking of a profession in one, and am not good in blood, but would get use to it as it goes on. do they see much blood and gore?"
I'm looking for a kind and understanding pain doctor or sometimes they go by anesthesiologist?
L5-s1 herniated disk protruding into right thecal sac with possible s1 nerve displacement?
Where would an endocrinologist fall under?
How much would liposuction cost?
Roughly how much would liposuction cost?
What do you think about liposuction?
Constant headaches after giving birth?
Does this mean i'm immune to anesthetics?
Wanting to go in anesthesiology?
Help: anesthesiology major?
Endotracheal intubation and sore throat?
"Tingling of tongue after c-section,its been 3 weeks?"
Did you have any kind of surgery before ?
Continuing leg/lower back problems?
Surgery & urination afterwards?
Wisdom teeth removal.?
Sedation for bloodwork for child w/ autism?
Is anesthesiology stressful?
Vasodilatation due to barbiturates?
A bigger syringe with the same size needle gauge if he needed more anesthetic?
"Trouble finding a surgeon who will accept my case, as they all say their anesthetics use no. surely there must be an alternative?"
Externship and am having trouble with this. where is the topical anesthetic placed before the dentist administers the local anesthesia?
Put out ever again. do you think the surgeon will be cool with using local anesthetics for that kind of procedure?
"Chicken, so i was wondering wether or not you could get an anesthetic in the process, or how bad it hurts when getting it done?"
I did not receive any instructions to prepare for wisdom teeth removal?
They're erupted). i'm probably gonna get a local anesthetic if that changes anything. why do they tell you not to eat?
Should i reschedule for my wisdom teeth surgery?
Had a big operation in hospital the day before my period was due?
What will the dentist do when i get there?
What happens when you have to have teeth out ?
Would you be upset if someone was giving you diet advise just to find out they lost weight in other ways?
Over my fear of the surgery?
Ask if the circumcision surgery hurt?
Could still feel pain even with aneasthetic?
Do dentist have to contact your doctor?
Should i be worried about numbness?
Like the stuff that you get given in the hospital?
Alcohol before wisdom tooth extraction?
Have an appointment at 9am tomorrow for wisdom tooth extraction. just local anesthetic and nitrous. is it ok for me to drink tonight?
I have to take my wisdom tooth out by cutting the gums?
I need urgent medical advice involving tonsillitis or maybe quincy!?
Don't you feel the need to shut them and blink?
"So yesterday, i went out and took my wisdom teeth at about 11:30 am. i was wondering how long should i wait till i can drive again?"
I'm feeling dizzy after a procedure at the dentist :(?
M going really dizzy and feeling crap. is it cause of the local anesthetic?
The surgery they would have to use for this. would they have to use anesthetic?
Like is it the hard part of your gums by the jaw or right by the tooth links to pictures maybe?
"Feel fine except the pain. also, it is now 5:48. i had the anesthetic applied at 4:13. how long until it should wear off completely?"
Kidney failure and massive bruising after being spayed?
Surgery and anesthetic?
I have bladder cancer and cannot take the painful procedure of having a catheter put down my penis whilst awak?
"I'm a 14 year old girl, and i'm getting all four of my wisdom teeth taken out on june 17. will i be okay?"
Can i get a stronger anesthetic?
My braces are making me feel so depressed?
How can i get my voice back?
Front teeth crowding after wisdom tooth extraction?
What happens under general anaestsia?
Is there a cure for diabetes?
Can i clean my own teeth?
"It take (no.of appointments, time taken)?"
Does anyone know how much a circumcision costs for a 18 yr old in chicago?
"I've been wanting to get circumcised since i was 12, and my mom always put it off. so does anyone know how much it will probably cost?"
Why do i enjoy pain so much?
Getting braces soon and i have a question about the procedure ?
Some other explanations of the symptoms of neuropathy?
"Really nervous about teeth removal, help?"
(under the skin ) inside the buttcheek do you need surgey to remove it even if it doesn't cause you any discomfort ?
I need your opinions on drugs?
Is it a brain aneurysm help?
Sickness after surgery?
Wisdom teeth preparation?
Want to get the implant?
But then i have to be at work at half two. i'm just curious if the anesthetic would have worn off or if it'll affect me at all?
"Advice on braces, please help?"
Some questions about root canal?
Want to report a dentist. justified or not?
"Doctors/ healthcare providers, please help?"
Dentists or dental assistants! please help!!!!?
Can anyone give advice ?
Feel like stretching a lot. how bad will the pain be once the anesthetic is completely gone?
Having surgery with your period?
Chest pain and terrified help?
I am terrified please help?
"Help please, womans problems again?"
Lump on my foot with dry skin?
Which anesthetic should i get?
Might have to get a hysterectomy?
How afraid should i be?
Getting knocked out at hospital?
"So scared, just wondering i have heard of people getting a jag called iv to put them to sleep?"
I need to get my tooth pulled but?
Does getting teeth pulled hurt?
How do you deal with the fact that you just not good enough?
Question about seizures and its medications. see below?
Anal skin tags surgery do they use local anestasia?
Affects of numbing an eye?
"Horrible ear/toothache, can't sleep?"
Does dental work hurt?
Large bleeding cavity in wisdom tooth?
What causes testacle pain?
Molar prengnacy surgery?
Possible exposed nerve on tooth?
Very sore anus hurts a lot?
Help with something weird on my tounge?
Pain after appendectomy?
Do fillings hurt at all?
Penis glans very sensitive?
Sore gum after tooth pulling?
Anyone had or know someone that's had ingrown nail surgery!?
How bad does it hurt :(?
Alternative to nsaids & codine?
Help! i have a spot/lump on my right leg?
Please help with life - threatening dental issue!?
"It's small sort of split in the out side of it :c and it stings when i touch around it! it's not too red, is it okay?"
Numb mouth from dentist?
Any info re circumcision operation?
Dull ache under jaw bone?
Please answer my question?
Getting a tooth out in 3 hours?
Help. wisdom teeth extraction pain!?
Coming out of anaesthesia?
I think i got a hernia!?
Tongue injury or something serious?
Dentists teeth and fear?
I have terrible braces pain!!?
"I got them yesterday, and i have a bracket on my bottom teeth, and they hurt so bad, any help?"
I'm getting root canal?
How bad will this hurt?
Circumcision problem.?
"Awful calf pain, cant walk?"
How many people are in the operating room?
"Which potition makes more money, a np (nurse practitioner) or a crna (certified registered nurse anesthetist)?"
Cancer and pregnancy?
Death sucks what is it like?
Has anyone ever survived a ruptured brain aneurysm?
Constant headaches im terrified of having a brain aneurysm?
Odds of aneurysm from a roller coaster?
I'm 14 and can sometimes feel my pulse in my stomach when laying down?
 years old do i have a brain aneurysm?
Little headache. i was also naseaous . do i have a brain aneurysm?
"Had a cartoid artery screening, how are the numbers?"
Do i have signs of an impending aneurysm?
I am 85 years old. i have an aneurysm in the main artery of my stomach.?
 year old male with post coital headaches?
Why am i scared to go to sleep?
Has anyone ever survived an abdominal aeortic aneurysm (aaa)?
", can prostate do this?"
Do i have an aortic aneurysm?
"Of pain. what can happen, and will it cause me to have an aneurysm?"
I think i might be having a brain aneurysm?
Physical therapy tips for post stroke patient?
Mom in law has been in a coma?
"Question, help about family member with brain hemorrhage?"
I have this lump behind my ear?
The feeling of something bleeding or trickling down the back right side of my head. could this be a brain aneurysm or some sort of fluid build up?
Light headed with heaviness on top of head?
Experancing this since is this dangerous?
Do i have a brain aneurysm?
I'm 15yrs old i had a brain scan and blood work 3 month ago?
"Brain aneurysm, and a drooping eyelid?"
 year old with post coital headache?
Anxiety or brain aneurysm?
"I don't know whats going on, aneurysm, heart attack, acute stress or just hypochondriac from stress?"
Could i have a brain aneurysm?
Have i been misdiagnosed with schizophrenia?
Pressure at front of head and temples?
A 70 year old man has chest pain so he goes to emergency room. but he dies. why ?
Questions on aneurysm?
Brain aneurysm question?
My grandpa had an aneurysm?
"If so, what would the cause of death be called ?"
Anxiety related to headaches?
Am i having a brain aneurysm?
'm cold and freaking myself out. did i have a brain aneurysm?
Too young to have aortic anyeurysm?
Should i wear compression stockings?
Is this some type of aneurysm?
I have a lump in my neck that's freaking me out.?
"Tinnitus, headaches that come & gocould this be a brain tumor?"
Please help. i think i had a thunder clap headache. will i be okay?
Can someone tell me what's wrong?
Intense headache please help?
Ve ever gotten it. is this normal or did i have an aneurysm?
Am i going to have an aneurysm?
What is this i'm getting worried?
Severe heavy pressure migraine pains?
Pain at the back of head and head pressure?
The left side of my head hurts?
Why do my eyes flash?
Does the below sound like angina?
Is this just a stress headache?
Neck injury from jiu jitsu?
More blurry now. could this be related to arterial dissection or aneurysm?
Weird head pressure and i need help!?
"I felt a ""pop"" in my head.?"
Chest pain plz help.?
Paranoia before sleep?
I have a pain in the lowee haf of my back mostly on the right hand side hardly skept all last night?
What type of headache does she have.?
"Brain aneurysm, brain tumor, cancer sign?"
Is this a brain aneurism or not?
Please answer do i have an aneurysm?
Could i have a brain anyersum?
Why is my ear buzzing?
I'm having bad intrusive thoughts again?
Brain tumour health anxiety. opinions?
Do i have a blood clot?
My head feels like it's going to pop?
Am i at risk of a brain aneurism?
Am i having heart palpitations?
Wake up sad and depressed?
My throat feels like it's closing?
Whats wrong with my brain?
Why do people sneeze?
Sharp pain in left chest?
"Am i in depression, please help me ?"
Unexplainable head pains?
Have i got depression?
I really need help. advice or anything..?
I am going crazy! hahaha! really?
I have this headache?
"To know if there's a word for someone who acts like a ""beast"" when angered?"
"Quot;normal"". i mean who says what is ""too much"" anger anyways?"
It's a disturbing thing to admit but does depression and anger bring out the ugly?
What herbs can i use to: relieve stress and reduce anger?
"Feel okay. but other times, i seethe with hatred and anger towards others. what more can i do?"
What is everybody's problem with my anger issues?
Why do people have problems with my anger issues?
How to get of anger fast?
You non-bipolar folks out there tried lithium for your anger and rage?
"In november but even since nov 2012 he changed fight a lot,anger outburst and etc.can hormones have something to do with this?"
Why does it feel i have major anger in me?
My bf take agree to take anger manegament classes so what they do in there?
What mental illness does this person suffer from?
Why do i have bad anger issues?
"To lash out on people, what are some good ways to relieve my stress and anger that don't involve hurting someone?"
Notebook and markers and broke one. how could i calm my anger down and control it?
How can a troubled teenager get a therapist in pa on her own?
What is wrong with my little finger knuckle?
Is the normal when and sorry i keep putting my questions in the wrong categorize?
Need help and look at my other questions and tell me do i need anger management?
What mental disorder would the following be classified as?
What are some ways for me to stop or cover them up?
Can god fearing humble christian woman manage their pms better socially?
How do i go about receiving a check for being bipolar in the state if louisiana?
What is this condition of not showing emotion?
What will happen to my bf for what he did to my brother?
If their emotions aren't real in the first place?
"Anger issues making me feel more alone all the time, help?"
What would happen if i severely injured someone in a fight?
How would you prioritize these things if they were elements of your life?
Something. i almost went crazy. how can i control my anger?
Can a 14 yr old punch a mirror and break it?
Anger problems or just part of teen years?
"Or antipsychotic. do you still get emotional highs of happiness, and strong anger also?"
Is there a disorder that has these symptoms?
I have so much anger around girls?
Should i start taking birth control pills?
What is wrong with saying violent things against my sister?
Get angry easily made you to have a blood pressure?
Friend suffers from really bad anger issues. her anger can beif a mental hospital will take people with anger issues?
What color would i have to wear in oakland to get shot dead?
How can i feel empowered after feeling controlled for so long?
I need help dealing with my pent up rage?
What happens when someone hits their head repeatedly?
Do people hit their heads against walls?
Is this my autism or do i just have anger problems?
"Have such bad stress and some anxiety, i'm filled with so much anger. should i go to the doctor?"
How do i drop better hints to the family?
"I know that anger may cause the body to react more strongly to something, but it can also create self-destructive poisons. can anyone help me in this?"
Coping with being left looking after newborn baby alone?
Want to know how to get my cat to be my service cat or companion animal?
Sorta urgent: i am afraid i am going to start cutting myself for the first time?
What medical issue does this person have?
"He's easily angered, vengeful, paranoid, perceives 2) borderline (3) needs anger therapy or something else?"
Is there a disorder that would describe this?
Is it possible to become a human punching bag?
My hands into a fist and like curve my toes. is it anger management problems or something?
So much anger and sadness i dont even know why?
How to stay calm please help?
How do you get rid of this?
How can i get the help i need?
Why do i feel like a monster?
What to do to an asthma pump challenge mark?
Is possiable i have borderline personality disorder?
How can i release my anger?
"Know, or something i could try?"
I'm 20 years old and i would to start smoking really bad?
Why do i have hurtful intrusive thoughts?
Do i seem to have an eating disorder?
"Suicidal thought, depression, cutting relapse, anger problems?"
I think i might have borderline personality disorder?
Mommy has anger issues what can i do?
Am i fasting or is this just a liquid diet?
I think my mental health in pregnancy is slipping?
I lose my patience and start screeming?
Am i depressed or stressed out or what?
Do people who are new to self harm usually go slow and light?
Why does my mom have these bipolar temper tantrums?
How do i talk to a therapist?
How to be diagnosed with depression?
Do you think is wrong with me?
What disorder (if any) do these symptoms fit with?
Is this normal when just starting wellbutrin?
They calm me down but when i can't do this i start to cry from anger and often bite my arm which helps. what should i do?
Why do i hate my psychiatrist and counselor?
What kind of mental disorder do i have?
Over my leg though. what do you think is wrong with me?
Do you think that i have bipolar disorder?
Classes for depressed and mentally ill teens in school?
"T they have small classes for kids who have depression, social anxiety, anger issues, etc?"
Is this depression or just common mood swings?
How to let my anger out.?
How can i fix the hole in my heart?
Some help with my anger problems and cutting?
Sister that that either my mom or stepdad mentioned it once to her. do i have some sort of small problem with anger management/issues?
I get really angry if i dont masturbate?
Is this a mental disorder of any kind?
I think my mom has ether multiple personality disorder or bipolar disorder?
Does my 10 year old daughter have a mental issue?
Does anyone else have these anger issues?
Why do i feel crazy sometimes?
Why does my girlfriend blame everything on me?
Will someone help kiara out she is dangerously getting out of control?
Have any women out there had problems after a tl?
Why does my heart rate never change?
Why am i vindictive and impulsive and wrong?
"Anyone who has had breast cancer, has breast cancer or knows anyone who died from it?"
I just found out something about my brother and i need more info about this disorder.?
Which of my personality problems needs to be worked on first?
Do you think i have emotional regulating problems?
I think i have too much anger?
How do you kill yourself painless and quick?
Both grandfather died recently but i feel no trace of sadness?
Why do i get so angry at my sister?
Too much stress to handle and i feel like i have a problem?
"Extream happness, yet bipolar disorders and characterized with extream anger?"
Getting rid of social awkwardness/anger?
Is it normal to feel like this whilst having depression?
How to get rid of cuts?
"Because i was angry with myself and yeh i regret it but it took all my anger out, anyways, how can i get rid of them quickly?"
Do i have anger issues or am i normal?
Think i hurt him that much but i need to know do i have anger issues?
Why do i fantasize about killing my family?
"Actually, not 'if' but i always hold my problems, and anger, inside my head. what will happen?"
If your questioning your sexuality is that something you could discuss with a psychiatrist/therapist?
Is it ok to feel like beating or torturing someone?
Is it just anger or something serious..do you feel so too ?
What should i do if i wana kill myself ?
What would explain anger sadness and being scared?
Does my 10 year old sister have a anger disorder?
Such. and she makes her completely mad. she took her anger out of anything.. what do you guys think?
Is this problem big enough to enforce counseling?
"In all situations. i want to just be able to calmly look at the situation without getting angry. first of all, why am i angry?"
Why does my mom and my friends mom think im a sociopath and need counselling?
Ive been having really bad anger issues and i need some advice help?
"A problem with depression over the years, verbal abuse and a decision to go to college?"
What do you think this dream could mean?
I think i just had an axaiaty attack?
Experiencing levlen ed side effects after a year and a half?
I swear i am going to go crazy but my stupid brother keeps pushing me?
How can i dehumanize myself?
"Im a 14 year old girl, im always upset or angry and the only this that makes me happy is motocross?"
Should i see a psychologist or a psychiatrist?
Do you think i have some sort of an anger issue?
Why did i have to get diabetes?
How can i better handle my anger?
What should i do about my anger?
Is there more to my explosive anger?
Could somebody with knowledge and experience give me advice on this?
"After gym class.from that point until the end of the day i was living on anger and hatred.so i wonder,does fish oil increase testosterone?"
I may have some serious problems. should i consult a doctor?
In the next 10 min my mood would change. other times i feel sad and angered for no reason is something wrong with me?
I dont know whats wrong with me and nobody will listen?
Why does my adult sister not understand how to control her anger?
What mental disorder do i have?
My parents think i need anger management?
That he keeps putting his lusting desires over me angers me! advice?
Im 14 i have anger issues and i took 6 midol pills 3 days ago and the next day i drank alcohol and my face has?
Beem pealing will i be fine?
How do you control anger?
How to deal with anger/stress?
Why do doctors get so angry about the $10/5 wrinkle trick?
"And saying ""well done""?"
Do i have a mental disorder and if i do what is it?
How can i tell my mom about my anger issues?
What to say to then to stand up for myself. what can i do to relieve this anger inside me?
Can my bf bipolar disorder have something to do with he anger issuse?
Can i pass my medical details on to my daughter's gp?
Swimming for losing weight and facial spots?
Generally a spotty person so will this help clear up my facial spots?
Easy for her (id send her to an asian jail lol) how can i get over the anger?
Do you guys think i can win my class pity partys?
In teen mood swings is it normal to feel more of one emotion than the other?
Is this why i got a nose bleed?
Down from my nose. like a lot of blood was running down. can it be because i was holding in my anger?
Why do flat chested women trash/hate on women with big boobs?
When molly has side effects of anger?
"Another dude and it made him jealous. my question is, when does anger become a side effect of the love drug?"
What disorder does this sound like?
Is my friend a sociopath or psychopath?
I am trying to find out what has happened to the mental being of my friend?
Why do i seem to lack emotions?
Am i the only one whos had a hard time trying to get therapy and help for mental health problems & bpd?
I feel really depressed at the moment. someone who has time please read it all?
"I think i might be going insane, don't know what to do.?"
Does this sound like borderline personality disorder ?
When will i have my first period?
I was abusive to my grandma when i was younger please read i need help?
Do you consider this anger issues?
"Twisted it and stuff. but do you think that, that is anger issues and am i to tight upon secure ness?"
I always feel uneasy and never happy?
Why cant i cry anymore and why dont i feel like myself?
Anger is turning my life upside down?
"Has bullying turned me into a violent, depressed, sucidal person?"
Teen mental hospital questions?
I have aspergers syndrome and get angry alot?
Why do i think back to self harm?
"Why then is it whenever i feel any type of negative emotion such as stress, anger or sadness does the intense feeling to self-harm come back?"
If the person was sick. what other reason would cause someone to delibertly try and anger a person to hit them?
I neeed help cuz everyone thinks i am depressed?
"I'm so stupid, i try too hard and fail miserably?"
Does my ex have borderline personality disorder?
And annoyed)..and i havent really found a good outlet or release for my anger?
"Is this a mental illness, if so, what one is it?"
Do you enjoy eating healthy food?
Is this one way that grief can feel?
Herbal mood support compatible with prozac?
"Am going to do/try. anyone have some suggestions. help with anger,depression,anxiety?"
Does my dad have anger management/depression?
Should i start smoking weed again?
Im having thoughts of harming my family please help?
Is there a good way to release anger?
Have i got borderline personality disorder?
"School, social life and general feelings (anger, dissatisfaction with life?"
How to control anger?
Of why i'm so mad. could someone tell me an easy and effective way to control my anger?
How much medical training does a psychologist have?
"I cry, scream, yell a lot in my sleep?"
"Occasionally. i would never act on it, its just a way that i release stress, and anger. could this have long term problems?"
Why do things dont turn out good for god people?
"If you go out to look for a job, will they see that?"
I think i have anger problems?
Does my boyfriend have a personality disorder?
Is it possible to imagine memories?
Do i have anger problems what should i do?
How can i let my (huge) anger out?
Do you think i was sexually assaulted as a child?
Why am i different around others but cold around my family?
"Got in a ""relationship"". it ended. sadness still not over it! now what?"
What kind of mental problems do people develop if they grew up watching their parents fight?
What can i do to be happy again?
Understanding blood pressure readings - stable angina?
There are warnings about use of nitrolingual spray to relieve angina in cases of hypothyrodism what are they and why?
Decrease blood flow through the coronary arteries is most likey to cause?
Random chest pains that cause me to have a panic attack?
What is causing my chest discomfort?
Shoulda my mom go see a doctor?
"Down, but when she walks its better. im thinking its angina?"
 year old friend having chest pains?
Just sitting here on the couch listening to music. could this be angina or anything to do with a heart attack?
What is the name of this disease from the digestive system?
Some pediatrics disease needing a diagnosis?
Stable angina & blood pressure reading?
"When an artery has beocme punctured, hemorrhage can occur. hemmorhage can cause?"
"All my tests are fine, but i still think i have a artery blockage?"
Heart attack and angina problems?
"Artery blockage, angina, or nerves?"
How to lose fat before summer?
Angina or muscle pain?
I suffer from anxiety too. is it only a muscle pain or could it be angina?
"I know is chest pain, but is it a disease or something?"
"I'm only 15, and already have a stable case of angina (the narrowing of blood vessels to the heart.)?"
"Am i likely to have heart attacks in my life, and if so, will one of them eventually put an end to my life?"
Waking up for the past 2 mornings with pain?
I've got pain from angina?
Angina.. heartattack?
It went away and i felt okay again. could this be angina.. a heart attack or..?
Pain in neck under the jaw?
"Nothing but that. but, after looking online i think it might be angina?"
Tight chest / can't take a deep breath?
Radiating pain in the left side of my neck that moves down my arm and down my chest?
Pain on right side upper chest?
Chest pain on top right hand side?
At what heart rate is it dangerous?
Why does my heart heart for no reason?
"Sir my father aged 68 yrs gone for angio results as follow, doctor advised to go for surgery?"
Should i still be worried about a heart attack?
I have had chest pains for 16 hours when i breath deeply.?
When people with normal heart take it for anxiety it doesn't affect their heart?
Right shoulder muscle pain during exercise?
Is my 17 year old boyfriend overweight?
Chest pains in left side?
Chest pains on the left side of my chest while i run?
Why is my chest burning?
S away and sometimes it comes back. could it be acid reflux?
"Heart beating fast,slightly nauseous?"
Does anyone know what just happened to me?
My ribcage hurts when i breathe?
Why is my crp test came out high?
Chest pain on top right side?
Anxiety or something else?
Chest pain top right side?
Chest pain radiating to back and throat. help with the cause?
Has anyone else had this problem with breathing?
"Heart attack, stroke or angina?"
Which one do you believe this middle aged man is suffering from?
I have chest pains when i breath deep?
Can't breathe and chest pain during sex?
Chest pains in 19 year old female?
Pain in the left side of my chest?
What causes right chest pain?
Bad chest pains any tips?
"I have a question about my heart, i'm 16.?"
Im having chest pains?
Jumping jacks question?
Signs of indigestion?
Help me doctors and medical staff!?
Are all this things normal?
Chest pain after exercise?
Donate blood on propranolol?
"Chest pain, advice/thoughts?"
Help!!! heart pains*** need help?
I have weird chest pain?
I have taken expired anadin extra tablets yesterday(i think i have angioedema )?
First time exposure to penicillin?
Why would you pass out after an angiogram?
My question is related to heart disease?
Chest twitching or spasms on the left side of my chest?
Angiogram of the heart. is it necessary and beneficial for somebody with some kinds of heart problem?
"I need to have an angiogram ,?"
"I am 62 and have major depression.and asthma, i am very afraid dont know if i will take angiogram.is it painful?"
"My grandad's health is very vulnerable right now, is there anyone that can help?"
Is it a heart problem ?
What is the rest required?
Aout my moms heart problem?
Need help with bio question. about heart attack.?
"Black spots on my scrotum, please help!?"
How long to live after refusing treatment of heart attack?
Has any heart patient got cured using ayurvedic medicines?
And other 40 percent. can the medicine help to prevent the blockage or angioplasty should be done?
Have to spend in the hospital considering the surgery goes well?
Is does painful after ballon angioplasty in the heart what we feel after ?
Horrible pain in thigh a week after angioplasty/stenting.?
"There are no hyperechoic areas within the anterior and posterior walls of the carotid arteries, suspicious of?"
Angioplasty recovery?
Which is the best hospital for bypass surgery in india?
Painful operation during angioplasty?
How many stints should be put in the heart?
Should my grandpa go for a bypass surgery?
There any other method/therapy/treatment that can give hin longest life?
Is it possible i have/had a heart condition?
Timetable following lower leg angioplasty?
How long to be fit ater operation -?
I just found out she had one and she lives 7 hours away. i don't know if she will be okay can you die after having one?
Mild slight chest pain above heart?
Whats the chanses of surgery?
I have really cold feet!?
Explain the role of renin-angiotensin system in regulation of blood pressure?
"Hi is the blood pressure drug ""losartan""(cozaar) ototoxic?"
Kidney disease and blood pressure?
The skeletal pump is 1 way of helping to venous return. describe 3 other mechanisms involved in venous return.?
How do you keep your job with anhedonia ?
Need help with something important to my overall life quality?
I keep hallucinating i dont know why?
How can i fix my depression?
Is it really possible to separate the 2?
Schizophrenia and patronising speech?
"Stress, blank mind, losing personallity. becomming dead and apathic..?"
Was there something severely wrong with me?
Is this psychosis or just paranoia?
Ejaculation too much?
I can't feel empathy or sympathy?
Which of the following statements concerning animal bites is true?
"Help please, mark on my back?"
Extreme fear that makes me sick bit by bit everyday?
Cellulitis disease help?
I can't find the answer to this question please help. the question is: is cellulitis wider spread in australia?
Got a cut by my bike?
"I have severe pain, please help?"
Help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Could i have gotten a lazy eye?
How do i get my dad to believe i sprained my ankle?
Can anyone suggest a cardio workout while my ankle is injured?
Why is my ankle suddenly swelling and becoming sore?
What is the quickest way to break a ankle?
I sprained my ankle 2 days ago and i'm guessingpain. is this a common recovery time for an ankle sprain?
" weeks ago i tore the inner and outter ligaments in my ankle playing basketball, i have no real pain, but still swollen, what can i do?"
How can i sprain my ankle without it being really painful when i sprain it?
How do you break your ankle?
I have a few questions about a broken collarbone and shattered ankle?
"Guess i just want to know more about it. a shattered ankle means surgery, correct?"
How can i sprain my ankle without it being painful while i sprain it?
"Am injured. so, is there any way that i can sprain my ankle without it hurting while i sprain it?"
Slight pain in the left ankle after jogging?
To be able to get back to basketball soon . how long does it take for my ankle to heal and it be pain free ?
 days ago i broke my ankle and im in a knee to foot cast for 4 wks. will i get a dvt in this leg?
Suffered ankle sprain and am now suffering from other issues after recovery?
How do you reattach a mechanical ankle?
"My ankles away swell and hurt all the time . i was told by one dr, i have the gout i start eating cherry it t?"
I sprained my ankle a day ago and i've been icingbe able to walk tonight?
Bone sticking out with hard objects. would this work with my ankle?
I sprained my ankle like maybe 2 weeks ago?
What's better for my ankle a walking boot or an ankle brace?
Has a university or lab ever done an experiment about ankle weights helping you grow?
It might be worse than a sprain. so how could i tell myself if my ankle is fractured or just sprained?
How to break my ankle or leg swiftly and as painlessly as possible?
Can anyone tell me what might be wrong with my ankle?
How did your sprained ankle feel after healing?
How long to play sport after sprained ankle?
Why does my ankle hurt when waking up?
Be able to run after having the surgery ?
What is the injury in my left ankle?
When i put my ankles together its really uncomfortable to have my knees together too?
Any doctors out there?
How to fake a sprained/badly twisted ankle?
Out of going somewhere tonight! how to act as if i've hurt my ankle at school. what to do when my mum comes in?
How do you make your doctor think you hurt your ankle more than you actually did ?
How injured is my right ankle?
Has there ever been a study on ankle weights/stretching bones helping you grow?
What do you think is wrong with my ankle?
How do i make my ankle look swollen?
Not doing this just for attention. its for a really good reason. how do i make my ankle look swollen?
Playing basketball after a really bad ankle sprain i was an idiot and didnt wear to healing an ankle sprain?
How can you break your ankle/foot?
Pain 2 months after i badly sprained my ankle?
How can i break my ankle at home fast?
What is the injury of my left ankle?
Shin injury from rolling my ankle while running?
"Question about injured ankle, not sure if it is a bad sprain or something serious?"
There is something wrong with my left ankle?
"If so, will it make your ankle hurt with pressure and throb, when not moving it?"
Could keep up with her. but will putting a lot of pressure on my unbroken ankle harm it?
"That promote fatter/thicker legs, calves and ankles?"
Should i try to stay home because i sprained my ankle?
Go to school i have gym and he'll probably make me do gym even if my ankle hurts what should i do?
How do you sprain your ankle?
And i definitely can't walk on it. also the right side of my ankle has similar pain. did i sprain something?
I know that it will hurt but how can i sprain my ankle without twisting it?
Have i got anything wrong with my knees and ankles if they crack all the time when i move the joint?
Should i go back to western rehab for my ankle?
Bone sticking out of ankle on the right side of my right foot?
How to break my tibia or ankle?
Starting tomorrow will be exactly 2 weeks from my sprained ankle?
So i broke my ankle about 2 months ago and had surgery on it. i was playing a 3v3 basketball game and i went?
How badly is my ankle sprained?
I accidentally found myself literally ankle deep in ****?
Why do my knees and ankles keep hurting?
Any personal experiences with natural height growth and ankle weights?
What type of ankle brace should i get?
How do you sprain an ankle?
How do i fake a sprained ankle?
How can i sprain my ankle easily without..?
How can i sprain my ankle without twisting it or jumping on it or going on a curb and falling on my ankle sideways?
Swollen ankle that is painful to walk and to put weight on?
Sprained ankle last night and test coming up in the morning?
Felt a very thick pop when i rolled my ankle. what dose that mean?
I sprained my ankle quick recovery suggestions?
The ligaments in my ankle feel very tight?
"Why are my knees sore, ankles swollen and legs hurting?"
"Foot and ankle orthopedic vs podiatrist, which one should i choose?"
"Ankle ball pain, could i have arthritis at age 19?"
On my ankle i have a lump a bit like a blister?
"Well its not really my anklemore like the front of it, if that makes sense?"
Should i still work out if my ankle hurts?
Why does my ankle feel like its going to break?
"Pain has moved to my second and third toes. also, my ankle hurts. any suggestions?"
Ankle up to calf pain with no swelling ?
What could be wrong with my ankles?
How do i hide an ankle sprain?
What if i sprained my ankle?
What to do for an ankle injury?
Should i stay off of my sprained ankle?
"Strained muscle in my ankle last year, still swollen?"
"Was doing high knees barefoot today and rolled my ankle, so bad that i thought it was broken at first?"
How to break your wrist or ankle?
Numbess after shin stitches and ankle break?
Has anyone sprained their ankle and have no idea how?
How can i break my ankle?
"International student in us, lost all motivation after physical and emotional trauma, how to recover, pls help?"
How do i convince my mom to take me to the doctor ?
What would happen if they left the chips?
Broken my ankle and due to start period?
How do you get short term disability from the state of nc?
What should i do about my ankle pain?
What can i do between now and thursday to lessen the odor?
Question about numbness after ankle surgery?
This medication strong enough to take care of the pain that goes along with an ankle stress fracture?
What are your stories of broken bones and other injuries?
How many of your body's joints can you crack?
Im 14 with a torn ankle liagament how long untill i can walk?
Pain and tingling from ankle to knee?
What kind of oily stuff would eat your skin?
How long does it take for a wolf to heal from a broken bone?
Tight right now. how harmful is it to not go to physical therapy for my ankle and is there anything i can do at home?
How does cracking your joints work?
"Like your knuckles, back, ankles etc like what makes them crack?"
After the cast is removed?
How to break my ankle at school?
What the heck happened to my ankle?
How to break my ankle or tibia?
Why am i getting these cramps in my calves?
Shall i stay at home if i have a bruised ankle?
Just read more and you will know what happened. what exactly might have happened to my ankle?
My ankles hurts when i bend it sideways?
The bone in my foot below my pinky toe is severely fractured. when will i get a big boot?
Help: is it ok to rest my cast on my left leg while sitting down?
Have i dislocated sprained or broken my ankle?
How to break ur ankle or tibia?
My right ankle is weak?
How to convince your mom to not take you to the er?
How to break my ankle?
Why do my ankles crack all of the time?
Should i get surgery on both ankles at once or one at a time?
What physical disease does this girl have?
Swelling of good ankle whilst using crutches?
What is the condition of my leg and what should i do now?
My husband feet is flat with no arch can he get disability?
"The top of my foot is numb, and has been that way for two weeks. what should i do?"
What to wrap sprained ankle with?
Should i let my ankle heal or let it pass over?
How to make my ankle swell?
My ankle hurts and i have track tomorrow?
How could i exercise without getting hurt?
How do i convince my sister that she can't change the bone structure of her legs?
" weeks post ankle orif for bimalleolar ankle fracture, discontinuous mild pain in the ankle, is it serious?"
Break your foot by jumping of a few stairs and not rolling your ankle?
Today i was bitten by what appeared to be a tiny red worm in my garden. what was it?
What would happen if you jump from 12 feet?
First onto the grass. would it be likely that you get a twisted ankle?
Why is my broken ankle so hot and red?
Ankle feels like its gunna snap when i walk?
How would i build up only one leg?
What could be causing these chest pains?
Simply will not read them :) i just want to know how to be able to break your ankle purposely?
Do ankle weights make you taller?
How to fake a swollen ankle.?
Difference between a spider bite and mosquito bite?
In theory would soaking your foot in ice kill toe fungus?
How long will the recovery be?
How do i start working out?
How can i force my ankles to heal?
How do i get rid of pain from legs?
Ankle arthritis or pvns?
Should i ask my doctor to try just casting it for a while and using crutches?
After an old ankle injury it has started to bother me again?
Ankle arthroscopy complications?
Doctor lowered pain medication at the worst time.?
How is my ankle fracture going to heal?
Is my ankle sprained?
Now can't. she's been putting ice on it is her ankle fractured or sprained or something?
Question about ankle fracture?
Does this sound like i my ankle fractured it?
Ankle brace or cast for ankle fracture?
(which i honestly believe i don't because i could walk w/ no pain) could i just tell the ortho dr that i don't want it?
Ankle fracture vs ankle fracture?
Ankle fracture or not?
Is my ankle fractured?
Does this sound like i fractured my ankle?
Urgent what would a fractured ankle be like?
Have you ever broken a bone?
If so answer the following. a)have you ever broken a bone?
"Ankle sprain, what should i do?"
"Swollen, bruised ankle..what could this be?"
I know theres sprains an hyperextension. what else is there?
I suffered a medial ankle sprain and it keeps getting re injured.?
Go to the doctor's. is there any way of healing this?
"Do i have shin splints, if so how can i get them to go away?"
What can this mean for my health?
I need help my mri reports says -small subchondral cyst in navicular bone with surrounding edema?
Sharp ankle pain when running?
Is there a reason for my joint pain?
Could someone identify what's going on with me?
Bad leg and ankle pain starting when i run?
Ankle pain that has lasted 2 months.?
Ankle pain from running?
My ankle hurts and pops when extended or walking?
Knee and ankle pain. help?
The bottom of my foot is killing me and the doctors are taking their time over this. need faster help.?
Ankle pain when striking football?
Did i injure my body beyond repair?
"Not sure, heel spur, plantar fasciitis?"
What's wrong with my ankle?
Could this have caused my ankle pain?
Varicose veins worried?
Ankle/foot pain at night?
Never discovered. any ideas on relieving my ankle pain?
"Broken tibia, now ankle pain after 4 days in cast?"
Fascinating- my own medical diagnosis?
Severe ankle pain (after rolling it) but no swelling?
"Ankle pain, what could it be?"
Ankle pain pop when i runned?
Ankle pain what is this?
Ankle pain what could have done to my ankle?
Ankle pain while jumping?
Upper ankle pain after minor ankle injury?
Ankle pain please read below need alot of answers?
Bad ankle pain after 5k?
Ankle pains for over 2months?
Ankle pain and stiffness?
Ankle pain 2 years after sprained ankle?
Ankle pain for a few days?
Ankle pain please read below?
Continued ankle pain?
Ankle pain please need answers?
Ankle pain when horse riding?
Ankle pain for last two weeks.?
Please help with ankle pain?
Outside of tge ankle pain?
"Major ankle pain , need help!!!! please !!!?"
Ankle pain please help?
Ankle pain.. please help?
"Leg , hip & ankle pain ! help please answer?"
Please help! ankle pain?
Running injury. what should i do?
"Extreme pain due to ankle surgery, any suggestions?"
What an ankle surgery is like?
Orthopaedics v. podiatry?
"The foot and ankle. but orthopaedic surgeons can do a foot & ankle surgery fellowship, and i was wondering what the point was?"
Cough variant asthma vs post viral cough?
"Clean mri, but worsening knee pain?"
Be able to wear high heels again?
Nerve damage from minor ankle surgery healing time?
Broken ankle surgery question?
 how long will i have to be in recovery ?
Smoking after ankle surgery!?
Smoking after ankle surgery?
How to make my ankle swollen! 10pts?
How to make my foot swell up?
I want the hurt or make my ankle swell up!?
Feet and ankles swell?
Injured ankle and i need help o. what to do?
"Calf muscle pain, swollen bump looking thing on ankle?"
I have a cut on my ankle?
Why is my ankle swollen?
"Serious injury, what do i do?"
How to make ankle swollen!! 10pts!!?
How to make my ankle swell up?
"Only been in track for a week and a half.. (my ankle), swollen and lumps//?"
Broken ankle swelling?
Why are my feet and ankles swelling?
Left outter ball of ankle swollen huge. very painful?
Sharp pain in left ankle. swelling and bruising!!?
Both ankles swollen out of no where?
Sprained ankle swelling?
"Sprained my ankle, swollen ankle?"
Ankle swelling help!?
Is my ankle swollen or fat?
Ankle swollen with no pain?
Left ankle swollen. no pain?
Why is my ankle swollen/?
Make ankle swollen help!!?
Ankle swollen and painful shin!!!?
The taking of prednisone?
I need a functional orthodontist?
Does diatomaceous earth help with ankylosing spondylitis?
Why does my disability application need to now be reviewed by the government?
Any ideas on what illness my husband might have?
"I have a severe case of ankylosing spondylitis, what should i do for a living ?"
My fianc has a rare disease. coping tips?
Getting disability for ankylosing spondylitis?
Tramadol with tylenol?
 year old with nerve pain. help !?
Help for emotional problems?
Teenage erection problem?
Are these narcotic meds safe to (responsibly) take together?
Klebsiella project help..?
What to expect on my 3rd period?
Have my next period on time?
Do you think i'm depressed and/or annorexic?
How to take control of your life?
Really powerful menstrual pain?
Am i depressed and/or anorexic?
Does my daughter have adhd or bpd?
Curious about my mental health?
End up yelling at him. i have a short fuse?
Is it mental illness if?
I feel like hurting people..?
How should i react to someone is just told me they have anorexia?
"My best friend has told me she has anorexia, how should i support her or anything else similar?"
Will i be diagnosed with anorexia or a different ed?
How do you or someone you know suffer from anorexia?
What is the name of this condition similar to anorexia?
Completely exhausted and unwell with anorexia?
Do i have anorexia because i want to be slim?
That a lot of anorexics face bloating issues in anorexia recovery?
On losing weight. what do i need to do to start my anorexia adventure?
"Cave in and eat uncontrollably, then sometimes i puke it out. but anorexia and binge eating are like opposites?"
How can anorexia sufferers live?
My friend doesnt want to recover from anorexia?
'm not especially boys but i don't believe. is anorexia the one where u throw up your food or is that something else?
Will i be happier once i recover from anorexia?
Am trying to recover from anorexia on my own. i am now going once i recover from anorexia?
What are some facts or tricks about anorexia/bulimic people ?
"Hey, i have a report to do in one of my classes about anorexia/bulimic people . -anorexia what is it ?"
"Some of my classmates told me :"" do you have anorexia ?"
Is my mom right in her argument about anorexia?
Can i not care about calories anymore?
Would this be considered anorexia relapse?
Who will i be refferred to for anorexia?
Is it possible to fake anorexia?
Anorexic but not many others do. is she faking anorexia or is it not possible?
How long does it take an anorexic person to lose 20 pounds?
How do i recover without medical assistance?
Did your breasts come back after anorexia recovey?
About this how old are you?
How can i tell my boyfriend that i am anorexic?
Recovering from anorexia all my weight goes to my calves?
Can having had ng leave a scar on the outside of the nose?
How much weight do you lose in not eating for just 3 days?
How to have something different for tea than my family?
You miss it but is it me being late on pills or my anorexia for the cause of not getting my period?
Is there actually something serious happening to me?
Do they make you eat after giving blood?
How long does it take to starve yourself to lose weight?
"Weight has got quite low (anorexia), and my dad has put me even effect my recovery from anorexia?"
How to lose 5 pounds during the summer?
How to exercise and say no to food?
"If all i had every day was 1l of diet coke, 2 apples and 2 pieces of bread, would i gain weight?"
Is it likely i'd be diagnosed with anorexia?
What do they do with anorexic people in jail?
"Am a healthy weight but am droppign 2-3 lbs each week. so, can you have both anorexia and bulimia at the same time?"
Can you help with my anorexia?
Slim weight for a person with the same info as me?
Is it possible to lose 15 pounds by may?
How many calories is needed in a day?
Health class project: becoming anorexic to lose weight in 16 days?
Are these all symptoms of not eating enough?
How lond does it take to become anorexic?
What sport requires you to be a certain weight?
How to thank a secret role model?
Should i be worried that i can see my heartbeat in my stomach?
Quite scary looking. is this normal?
Why am i so shaky and have a headache?
Is this diet okay in order to gain a little weight after losing too much?
How do i lose weight fast?
 lbs/20 kg in a month?
 years old starving myself really bad can i be forced to get help?
How can i lose 100 pounds by december 2013?
How to show other people your eating without really eating.?
About how much i hate food. i can't just ignore it anymore. how can i make them believe i do not have anorexia?
How do i break this habit ?
"Do it with peanuts and grapes, small food. is it an anorexia syptom ?"
Why would i suddenly feel so low and strange?
Would you say i take in to much calories?
How can my friend get help?
I want to see my ribs and i want to have a gap between my thighs. what should i do?
Lbs i need to know how i can do that. please help me. will anorexia or bulimia work?
How much weight will i lose?
How to get rid of weight quickly?
Who are the people that have helped you most in your recovery process?
Possibility of being anorexia and alot of other issues?
What is a eating disorder clinic?
How do i stop eating so much?
On stress food binges?
How can i cover it up from my friends?
Do you have an eating disorder or experience with a person with it?
How do i become anorexic?
How long till i would have abs showing?
"How to become anorixia, i know it's a eating disorder?"
"I need help with my diet and life, i have an eating disorder?"
Former heroin addict?
"What exactly happens if you don't eat, at all?"
Health over mental disorders and i can't find straight forward answer on anorexia and bulimia. help?
Anorexia weight requirement for diagnosis?
Are girls who starve themselves trying to be attractive?
Themselves are trying to be attractive when eveyone knows that anorexia makes u lose hair and teeth and stuff?
This because of genetics. everyone associates thigh gaps with anorexia. can i have a thigh gap and still look attractive and healthy?
Still embarrassed about past eating disorder?
Recovering anorexic with a dieting friend?
Friend making eating disorder recovery so much harder?
Is this my anorexia fighting back?
How do i help my friend?
Whatever you eat and your metabolism slows down right?
Trying to recover from anorexia is this normal?
Abdominal area.. what can i do to lose that?
What are some consequences you've personally had as a result o an eating disorder?
What eating disorder would this be?
How to get in shape in time for summer?
Feeling bloated after taking too many laxatives?
Need help with recovering from a long term battle with anorexia?
Will i gain back weight in the same places?
Should i be going to school with anorexia?
"On my skin, i have no energy at all and basically all the symptoms of anorexia, should i be going to school?"
How to make my boobs grow?
"What should my friend wear to ""model"" her body?"
Why am i binging in anorexia recovery?
Am i underweight and need to be admitted somewhere?
To rhodes farm or do i need to weigh less?
How to be demi lovato skinny?
Bulimic since 13 years old and have gained weight. i know she had anorexia too-- what were her habits?
"If someone is 5'9"", but weighs 165 lbs, does the mean anorexia?"
The nurse is evaluating the weight gain of a client with anorexia.?
Does it count as cheating if you burn it off?
It count as cheating ?
Is this a sign of an eating disorder ?
What should i eat for breakfast?
How much wieght would i lose in a month doing this?
How do i go to treatment?
How can i lose 4 kg ( the healthy way)?
How can i get my period back without gaining weight?
How can i lose a stone?
How many/much exercise should a 15 year old girl get?
What's going to a psychiatrist like?
When do the thoughts about food stop?
Of food a day make me gain weight?
What could i say and how can i best hide it?
Getting your period after anorexia?
Is it normal to gain weight and not height?
"What does ""you get a little weird about weight"" mean?"
Do you think i can ever be happy?
How to lose weight for teen girls?
Is there a chance i could still grow taller?
How do i get an flat stomach?
How to healthily gain weight?
Mum buying me unhealthy food?
Unplanned weight loss during anorexia recovery?
The other part of me is obsessed with loosing weight. i just want to know is this anorexia and if it is what to do?
"I've looked this up before, but i still get confused between the two and how do i know if i have one?"
How does somebody become anorexic?
Am i overweight for my height an age?
I need some motivation to fight my eating disorder?
Parents worried about me skipping meals?
Is this a good reason to commit suicide?
Why does anorexia freak me out so much?
How can i get in shape?
Lots of water and exercising a more healthy way of anorexia?
What bmi is perfect for my height?
How much do you eat a day?
How to get my period back?
"If your over weight and need to get down to a good weight super fast healthy or not, should she do it anorexic?"
Doesn't care weather it's healthy or not.. she wants to go with anorexia any help?
Is this classified as anorexia?
 and 114 lbs. pretty healthy. would this be considered ad anorexia?
How many calories is this?
How do i become anorexic/bulemic?
How do i tell my friend that i have anorexia and that i self injure?
Why do my periods seem really random?
What does it mean in terms of your health?
Whole life too but my other 2 siblings are unaffected. its not anorexia what is it?
How dangerous is this weight?
"Of dietary pills and eat very little, is that still considered anorexia?"
How much weight would i lose if i do this?
Arms and hands shaky after basketball?
Do i need to go to the doctor or am i paranoid?
How do you become really thin ( anorexia style ) really quick?
Why did my period randomly stop after a normal year or so?
"Over a year to get close to a ""normal"" cycle?"
"Im trying to gain weight, did i do good today?"
Can anorexia go away?
What do u think about this?
"Like if youve been diagnosed with it, and your parents phone in to tell them?"
"I'm very hungry, but i don't want to eat for some reason?"
But later didn't want to eat. are these signs of anorexia?
I'm a little bit underweight (my bmi is 17.5 and i weigh 96 pounds) but would i have to be lower than this to go into inpatient treatment?
"Illness, it really get me mad! like you cannot just decide to become anorexic, anorexia consumes you. what's your opinion?"
Bulemia please no rude comments?
Is what i have eaten today under eating?
How do you know when to eat?
Is this an early sign of anorexia nervosa?
Do i seem like i am developing an eating disorder?
Why are white girls most likely to be diagnosed with anorexia?
Is she faking or is it not possible?
Would you trust an anorexic doctor?
"If you starve yourself, how fast do you lose weight?"
"How do you know if you're anorexic, per say anorexia nervosa?"
After how much anorexia does long term effects began to set in?
"Like, if you're 14 5'5"" still growing, when will long term effects begin?"
"Please help me i cant deal with my sisters anorexia anymore.its breaking my heart, will she ever get better?"
How to lose a lot of weight?
How do i hide anorexia at school?
I don't eat at school and people r noticing why are some exusesn for not eating?
What do i do eating 550 cals a day?
Think i have anorexia nervousia sorry for the spelling?
Can i just admit myself into a hospital?
Is this bad or even considered anorexia?
"A 22 year old 5'4 female is one pound heavier than me, i'm 14 and 5'9. is my weight good or bad?"
How to become skinny like a model?
"How long to get a thigh gap,i have anorexia?"
What can i do or say to convince my daugher we need help?
How do you become anorexic?
What can i do on a weekend that isn't exercise?
Will i eventually die from bulimia & anorexia?
What is an anorexia buddy?
Recovering anorexic with dieting friend?
What could the causes of the smell be?
Why am i so uncomfortable around men?
"Shes 14, and has had it for 8months i feel like when i talk to her i make it worse?"
Do i have any right to say that i dont want help anymore?
Anorexia recovery: how many calories a day?
He's going to start developing an eating disorder like anorexia. how can i stop him before it's too late?
Do you think i have anorexia?
And my goal weight it less than 85.. is that considered anorexia?
Is this a healthy way to lose weight?
About anorexia and starvation?
"Hello, i was wondering about having anorexia?"
How much should i eat a day?
"Anorexic.. please no lectures.. but, for all of you who have anorexia, how much do you eat a day?"
Should i look into going back to treatment?
"How much weight did you lose from anorexia (people who have, had or are recovering from anorexia only please)?"
"If so, what are they?"
Do i have anorexia or signs of it?
"I feel full, bloated, and gassy with hardly having any food at all (anorexic). i want to recover.?"
How to lose weight faster?
Im doing a paper on anorexia and other unhealthy weightloss methods. any suggestions?
All that does it seem like i have a binge eating disorder or anorexia?
(eating disorder question)what should i tell/ask my psychiatrist tomorrow?
Please help! finding anorexia recovery really hard :( ?
Help my parents found out about my depression?
How much weight would i lose?
"My friend made a stupid comment, should i let it go?"
"In weight terms, i think, what is 'fasting'?"
Bingeing and anorexia recovery?
Increasing protein to aid hair recovery from anorexia?
"Please help with my workout plan, recovering anorexic.?"
"So i understand you would gain some, but like how much?"
Why am i suicidal all of a sudden?
Does this mean i have a bad psychatrist?
How was i still alive?
How to lose weight quickly in a healthy or unhealthy way?
Is my metabolism fast or normal?
What level of care do i need?
Like do girls throw up a certain amount of times and then it becomes a habit ?
Anorexia nervosa.. i need answers :x?
 year old guy diagnosed with anorexia nervosa now what?
I have anorexia nervosa?
I'm about 5'1 and last time i weighed myself i was about 7 stone 3?
"Recovering from eating disorder, still no period?"
"Girlfriend refuses to accept she's anorexic, help?"
Eating again and serious side effects?
"No matter what i do, i only seem to gain weight! i only lose weight if i eat nothing, literally zero calories.?"
Body weight going back to anorexic bmi?
Is it possible that i have an eating disorder?
Recover from anorexic nervosa?
Why do i feel guilty after eating?
Been put on fluoxetine/prozac - any advise/storys/side effects or anything?
I'm i schizoid or do i have dysthymia?
Is it good to be 110 pounds?
"Can you have an amazing body at 5'8""+ tall and be 110 lbs?"
Do i need a hospital admission?
Do i still have my period?
Nursing question about anorexia!!?
What eating disorder do i have?
Good excuses for not eating?
"Recovered from eating disorder almost. help me out, if you would?"
I purge and know its bad but cant stop?
Should i stop taking zoloft?
"Over-ate, anorexia, guilty :(?"
"I'm anorexic, and i feel like dyeing.?"
Eating disorder rehab/psych ward?
Slipping back into anorexia?
I'm 13 and sick of everything?
I don't know what's wrong with me?
Why is my period so irregular?
I need an answer! 10 points!!!!?
Pic included* do i need to lose more weight/ is the picture good or bad?
Any ideas on how to lose weight?
Hey i just wanted to know if i look thick or chunky in this?
"I'm not fat, i'm 5'0 90 lbs. still i wanted some opinions if my dress had made me look chunky, not fat but thick?"
I think i am obsessed about my weight?
How to become anorexic?
Am i starting an eating disorder?
Really need help with anorexia nervosa!?
Do i have anorexia nervosa?
Anorexia nervosa!!!!..?
Anorexia nervosa recovery?
It feels like i'm not interested in food no more?
How should i get my period back?
Do i really have an eating disorder?
I missed my period. what could be wrong?
Why do people say im anorexic?
Should i still eat a little afterwards?
Is it condidered anorexia?
Over ate two days and gained 2 pounds?
Do i have an esting disorder?
My friend passes out a lot?
Why hasn't my period arrived yet?
Is it time to see a doctor?
Would this be classed as anorexia?
Eating disorder support group?
Why did my period stop! someone please answer thanks!?
"Asked this a few times not getting any answers but normmaly i do so yeah i am 85 pounds , 14 year old girl 5 ft?"
Can i recover from anorexia?
Mina ballet dancer and i feel weak can i just recover in my own?
Eating disorder survey - help w/ questions?
"I know this is really bad, what am i doing?"
Is this an eating disorder?
"Anarexia, do i have it?"
Aaaaaaaahhhh what are victoria secret model requirements?
Does anyone in fun. have anxiety or any mental disorders?
I want my anorexia back?
Is this anorexia or nothing?
Overdose information?
Anorexia : thinking about relapsing help ?
Should i tell my mom?
Anorexia/bulimic question (school research question)?
So i was wondering which one loses more weigh and why?
 points to best answer please help?
Tell me what you think?
Reasons for late period?
I think something very bad happened?
People tell me i look anorexic?
Parent's think i'm bulimic?
Am i diabetic at all?
Whats wrong with me :( ?
Help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!please?
Lately i've been having some eating issues?
I don't know where i am!?
How fast to anorexic people get skinnier?
My friends waist is 23 or 24' is that anorexic?
Eating 5 meatballs and a peach are enough to make you anorexic?
There has to be certain things for the hospital to admit you as anorexic?
"Great figure and all the guys love her, anyway she is becoming anorexic, will she lose weight if she doesn't eat ?"
How can i make myself look anorexic?
How many pounds do anorexic people lose in a month?
Im not trying to be anorexic or anything its for a school project.. i know its different from person to person but i need a number so around how much?
How to long does it take for an anorexic girl to look skinny?
How long does it take for an anorexic girl to look skinny?
How to convince my parents that i'm not anorexic?
How can i become and anorexic?
How to anorexic people stop eating?
;t it get hard and make them just eat?
Don't i never have to go to the bathroom. could i be anorexic?
(anorexics only) how much miles do you run a day?
Still working on my project and forgot to insert this question in my last question! so about how many miles do anorexics run a day?
"'m 110, is that considered to be a very low weigh even anorexic?"
How fast do you lose weight if your anorexic?
"M writing a story, right?"
How much do anorexics eat and do they exercise?
After how long does an anorexic girl look skinny?
Single day without him making a comment about me and eating. how can i get him to believe that i am not anorexic?
Any anorexics out there that are willing to help?
Im basically a brand new anorexic- any anorexics willing to help me?
How to stay strong while anorexic?
Worried about losing her breast.. is there a way to be anorexic and keeping your breast size?
How do anorexics lose weight?
People say if you eat l lie 200-400 calories a day you'll gain weightbut anorexics eat like 150 to 200 and lose weight?
Hey people do i sound anorexic to you?
To make myself sick my reflexes are to strong. so can i just get a little feed back on if i am anorexic or heading there?
How do anorexics do it?
"That has made me curious. i was wondering, when anorexics (at first) eat barely any calories still not lose weight?"
How much should a 14 year old 5'11 female weigh?
I weigh 115 pounds is that underweight?
How long does it take to get an anorexic body?
How can i convince my family to let me exercise?
"I'm starting to be anorexic, i knew i was for a little bit?"
What is considered anorexic?
How many calories would jumping jacks burn for a 125 lbs person?
Metabolism work faster?
What do anorexic girls think of fat girls?
What can i do to gain at least ten pounds during the summer?
Is what i have eaten today healthy?
I used to be anorexic and thinking about it againz?
At a low weight happen to an overweight person as well?
Me feel better and then after a while i realise that i did and i feel guilty how to i stop being anorexic?
How to trick my family into thinking i've eaten?
"Exhibit some of the behavior that is characteristic of bulimia, then am i anorexic purging type or am i bulimic?"
Everyone says im severely underweight but im a normal weight?
Try not to eat because it obviously works to loose weight i mean look at anorexic people right?
What is the weight range for plus size models?
"Just a random question. also, what is the weight range for anorexic models?"
"Im not looking for attention, i just seriously don`t know what to do and am exhausted?"
How can i get thick or gain weight?
"How many calories are there in one small, boiled new potato?"
How do you lose some appetite?
Do more exercise will the fat go without the rest of my body looking anorexic?
"Get down to 68-76 pounds (30-35 kg) with diet and exercise, without being anorexic or bulimic?"
Am i messed up to like my hunger pangs and cuts?
How to gain weight the healthy way?
Why do people think victoria secret models are too skinny?
How is it that some people get fat and others don't?
Would you consider this as an anorexic diet?
 1 salmon fillet with a handful of carrots does this sound anorexic to you?
How does a teen girl gain weight?
How to get mum to give me smaller portions?
How can i become as skinny as eleanor calder?
Do you gain weight after starving yourself for a long period of time?
Too the smallest weight possible for my body type withought looking anorexic so do i have a large body frame?
How much weight should i lose to look thin?
Is lifting weights for a skinny 14 year old able to build muscle or lose weight?
How much should i weigh or loose be be a size 8?
That considered rapid weight loss?
"When having sex, can her body shape make it harder in this case?"
What is the minimum pounds a 5'6 14 year old girl can weigh?
"Even look good, people who starve themselves won't look slim and healthy but unhealthy and anorexic it is laziness?"
Make you gain weight because your body goes into starvation mode. but how come anorexics who starve themselves lose lots of weight?
How do i turn down cake and pizza?
Im anorexic and i think thats something that happens but what is it called and why does it happen?
How long does it take to flatten stomach (picture)?
Y/o waist 30in chest 33in good or bad and what clothes will i fit in?
Will you automatically get put in a clinic?
How can i make my stomic flat?
Does your body care if you eat the same thing every day?
"You don't eat and your body goes into starvation mode, then how come anorexic people are skinny?"
I have lost 154 pounds down from 500. my question is how do you keep the weight off once at your goal?
Which 2 of these things can kill you faster?
You got really fat or extremely underweight and having a starved anorexic skinny body?
I want to eat healthier but i cant because my parents think i have an eating problem?
How do i get fat in me?
Im afraid that i will lose too much weight?
"Would you think someone who was 5""8 and 105 pounds is anorexic?"
How long until my hair grows back?
In the future. would people find it hard to trust an anorexic doctor?
"How to get through school, when you feel like everyone hates you?"
Can you tell me some of the symptoms of being anorexic?
How do i slowly get out of starvation response?
Control. i ate 1000+ calories. is it normal for anorexics to randomly lose control like that?
Or an obese person ever become anorexic?
Please read and help to your best knowledge no insult i need help what causes blood in vomit?
How long after refeeding do you get your period again?
How can i lose 20 pounds in 2 months?
;d rather have an apple than a bag of potato chips why am i anorexic all of a sudden?
How to look almost anorexic?
Questions about being anorexic and bulimic?
"Stuff to my school. but yeah, my questions are for being anorexic : 1. how much weight will you lose?"
Why is my bmi low and what does this mean?
How many calories do i need?
Are child beauty pageants effecting the health of young children?
These contests lead children to become beleamic or anorexic due to being judged on their looks?
What is eating disorder treatment like?
How to ask my mom to go to a psychologist without telling her why?
Why do thin people want to lose weight?
September ive stopped eating lunch and breakfast on a pretty daily basis. am i anorexic?
How can i lose weight without anyone noticing?
"My family accuses me of being anorexic a lot, are they right?"
'm always afraid that someone is going to think that i'm anorexic. how many calories should i get a day?
How can a 14 year old with big thighs can loose weight and look fit?
Is it possible to get sick from eating 2 sandwiches ?
Interesting health problems for story i am writing?
"Anorexic body, how do they get skinny?"
What age will i start my period?
", when i lose the weight, will it be super easy (like anorexics) to gain back?"
How have i eaten today?
What do guys think of smaller girls?
How much weight will i lose if i do this?
When i don't have any fat on my body?
How fast would someone lose weight like this?
How to be super skinny like models?
What's the smallest possible weight for 5'1?
Is jiggling normal or gross for males?
"It, any suggestions to getting rid of jiggle without looking anorexic?"
How to gain weight healthily?
Do i sound like i have anorexic tendencies?
How much calories is a turkey blt?
How to make myself throw up?
How can i be anorexic?
How much should i eat to be anorexic?
I think my sis is loosing weight to fast?
Am i underweight for my age and height?
Am i too thin or is everybody overreacting?
How much weight can i lose?
How much do you weigh if you have a size 4 in jeans?
So how much would you weigh in that size?
Some other healthy things how much weight can i lose?
I have a friend with an eating disorder?
How do i become skinny again?
There any sort of diet plan i can use?
How to get those womanly curves?
Into anything and every trip to the doctors they immediately think i'm anorexic. how can i get the nice curves everyone loves?
Is two and a half boiled new potatoes a lot?
Combining diet and a physically demanding job?
"If i start eating regulary, will i dramatically gain?"
Will my teacher phone my parents because she thinks i'm anorexic?
Are theyre inexpensive ways to stop being hungry ?
How to starve yourself kind of?
Is it healthy to weigh yourself everyday?
Should i see a psychologist or stop feeling sorry for myself?
Immature child. what should i do?
How can i get skinnier (like bella thorne)?
How to get a real small waist?
How to gain weight in by 2 weeks?
"What im doing. i know im anorexic. i dont care, what can i do to lose weight?"
How do you make yourself throw up?
How to lose just belly fat?
Should i eat to lose strictly belly fat?
Going to see doctor about mood stabilizers. can i ask him to prescribe something that doesn't make me fat?
Is dieting like this bad?
Lose in three months?
My younger sister makes me feel insane and i want advice or help?
"I'm not anorexic, or bulimic but do i have an eating disorder?"
How do i get over my body issues?
Is there a possible chance i will faint?
Is 1000 calories safe for a 14 year old girl?
8 pounds. what would the doctor do/say?
Why do people care how i look?
 making my self esteem go down and make me think am ugly and anorexic which am not i eat whatever i want. any help?
How much will i lose on this diet?
"Am i anorexic, becoming anorexic, or just normal?"
See the bottom of my ribs stick out. am i becoming anorexic or am i anorexic?
Is a naturally curvy body attractive?
This body type considered attractive?
Why do people keep saying i have an eating disorder?
Is my friend anorexic?
A problem. should i confront her family?
Do i sound like i am anorexic?
Am i classified as anorexic or on my way to becoming anorexic?
How do i raise my appetite?
How can i lose weight as fast as a month?
How can i become skinny with in 3 days?
What do i do about my weight?
Just wanted to know how much weight she lost?
Getting fit and my jeans are getting tighter?
"Am i a healthy weight, or should i be concerned?"
Will lead to gaining fat so what do i do ?
Do i have an eating disorder or what?
In a day. i'm not underweight but does that count as anorexic?
Have i undereaten again?
Im concerned about my friends health?
Want to lose some weight to look healthyer what can i do ?
Schooling while having an eating disorder?
"I know they don't eat , but wont your body go into starvation mode and store all of the fat you take in?"
Why did i binge all day today?
What weight is right for me?
Should i be concerned about my legs or working out?
Why do i want to be anorexic?
"Pain, the isolation etc. yet a part of me kind of wants to be anorexic?"
How can i pretend to eat?
Without people noticing. please any ideas?
How do i get a flat tummy?
I have a bmi of 17 and people tease me?
"T eat your metabolism slows down and you don't really lose weight. if anorexics don't eat, then how do they shed pounds?"
Tips on how to become bulimic?
Do you think i slowed my metabolism down?
How to lose weight at 13?
"Am i becoming anorexic, or am i just normal?"
To be skinny enough to where i can at least see the bottom of my ribs stick out. am i becoming anorexic or am i just normal?
How can i get arms like hers?
How do i become super skinny but fit?
Or others to notice weight loss?
Who do you think is more attractive someone who looks anorexic or someone slightly overweight?
What is it like having anorexic?
How long will it take for an anorexic person to get below 100 lbs?
I know this sounds stupid but i'm worried?
How to loose weight fast?
Is there a name for this condition i have?
Why do i not care about my weight anymore?
How to gain weight by 2 weeks?
"Etc. can you still be healthy and maintain a healthy weight without being ""anorexic"" ?"
Could i lose weight or do i have to exercise often?
What is the lowest calorie chinese take away meal for a recovering anorexic?
I am really nervous to order take out the whole family are coming round and i don't want to make a fuss so i actually need to eat any suggestions?
Water and ate one small meal a day for a week?
"Essay at school, so i am just wondering. can overweight people become anorexic?"
And then m highest when lat year was 116. why cant i be anorexic again?
And how much would that equal in weight per week?
Gaining weight at a stable weight for my body?
Why am i eating so much less?
Like an eating disorder. i dont want to tell anyone if its not one. do you think it sounds like i am anorexic?
Fat anorexic breaking down muscles?
"What's a good comback to ""you're aneroxic""?"
How to eat healthy in a takeaway family?
What do you think about my weight?
How to get a thinner waist?
How to not eat/be anorexic/ trick parents into thinking im eating?
Why have i been experiencing a strong bad smell?
Am i having a manic episode?
I don't know what the **** that is.?
Ladies help! implantation bleeding?
"Ladies help please, hpt ?"
How the heck am i supposed to live sober?
Can you buy antabuse tablets online in the uk without perscription?
Karms night and antabuse?
Like any sort of diet or something like antacids?
"I need to get a mortal and pestle to crush some medication, what type would be the best to purchase?"
Nothing seems to be working. i don't have access to an antacid. what can i possibly do to relieve this torture?
Do i have a heart problem at age 14 even with a normal ekg?
Neutralize the effectiveness of the painkillers?
Too many antacids in one day?
Why am i sick to my stomach?
I have been bloated for 3 days now?
Hi i have tried t make myself throw up by putting my fingures down my throught but it never works ..ever! is there any other way?
How is heart attack pain like?
What to do when having eaten too much?
Do i have a heart problem at age 14?
E. coli and antacid help please?
Throw-up (puke) stuck in my throat?
Could i have gastritis?
"I,m really suffering with helicobacter pylori have you ever heard about this ?"
How to not feel dick during concerts?
What does vitamins iron mean ?
Really bad stomach pain and reflux?
Severe bad breath/ only i can smell it?
"Chest and abdomen pain after huge meal, help?"
"But my stools are all normal, no blood or pain. but my stomach keeps hurting most of the time. why could this be?"
Does it sound like gallbladder/ gerd/ or worse?
I get sick when it gets hot out?
Birth control pills and other medications?
"Burning chest pain, what can i do?"
I feel like there is something funny about my chest?
Pains in a 14 year old?
Extreme nausea without pain?
Night nausea worse when laying on stomach?
"Help - if i don't eat i get heart burn, if i eat i get nauseous.?"
"Pain on left side, along with headaches and heartburn?"
Overdosed 15 hours ago. what do i do?
Need real answers. anxiety and depression?
I am having chest pains?
Do i have problems with my heart?
Gas or something worse?
My voice keeps cracking! help?
Gerd / gastritis / worse .. help :(?
"Please help, i'm scared!?"
Burning in chest/throat?
"Stomach problems, 5yrsplus and hopeless?"
Why do i feel bad all the time?
"Constipation, took some bisacodyl usp?"
Help! i am terribly sick! help!!!!?
Mild hiatus hernia with mild reflux?
Urgent! health question?
I just passed out!!!!!!!!!?
Please help me!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Why does my throat feel swollen?
Possibly stomach flu?
Pain management for gallbladder attacks?
Weird stomach aches keep coming back?
Why am i feeling sick every morning?
Antacids and acid reflux?
Why do i keep getting this stomach pain?
Do i have a stomach ache?
Whu do i feel like ****?
Anxeity chest pain everyday or negative thoughts?
I am having severe pain in left shoulder blad and neck area. the pain radiates to arm making it difficult lt?
Could this be an ulcer symptom?
Do i have oral cancer?
Stomach cramps in the morning?
"I'm really ill at school, on my period.?"
"My 13 year old daughter has these symptoms, what could it be?"
How do i get rid of them?
"I don't feel well, can you help me?"
Question about ciprofloxacin?
Pain in heart/left lung area?
Sharp pain in left breast?
I am only 15 but i have a really sharp pain in my left breast around my heart. does anybody have any idea to why?
Uncomfortable stomach ulcer?
I've got serious chest pain at 18?
"Stomach pain, hard heart beat?"
Stomach pains. can i have some advice?
Get rid of heartburn?
Help!!!!! i feel like there's water in my throat?
Would it be a horrible idea to put myself back on the treatment i was previously on?
Interstitial cystitis?
I'm 18 and i get heartburn?
What's wrong with my tummy?
Stomach side effects of ibuprofen?
My stomach gets upset and it hurt soo bad!!!!!! help!!!?
Pain in upper left chestnot a heart attack?
Chest hurts after eating?
Please help me bad stomach pains!!?
My top stomach hurts?
I'm stressing over my weight?
Kind of hurting help me?
Thyroid condition question.?
Feeling sick while eating?
I've been having stomach ulcers lately?
Help stomach bloating?
Bellyache really bad!!!!! help!?
Please help me!!! i need help asap!?
I have lower stomach pain.?
Like to know how to lose fat and get into shape with an acl injury?
Can anyone help me with my knee mri report?
Knee pops and is giving out?
Scared i have inhaled anthrax (not a joke)?
Could someone poison your clothes somehow?
Like could they put a chemical or something else?
Can a germ have survived this process?
Could i have anthrax poisoning?
Back and didn't suffer from depression but the rheumatologist tried her on anti depressants and all her chronic fatigue etc lifted after about 5 days?
How do i ask my dad about getting anti-depressants?
Treat me in a condescending and patronizing manner. how can i persuade my doctor to give me anti-depressants?
Prescribed an anti-depressant and anti-psychotic for the treatment ofwithout having to use an anti-depressant as well?
During the day even though i take it at night. i thought anti depressants were for you to take during the day no?
What are peoples experiences with ssri anti depressants?
Experienced being prescribed ssri anti depressants or views on how they affect friends etc?
Raspberry ketones and anti depressant interaction?
Anti depressant question?
"Xanax, or abilify are there other mood stabilizers or anti depressants that are prescribed?"
You ever been on them?
Time to adjust to it then i wont feel anything. are these how anti depressants and anti physcotics work?
What is going to a psychiatrist like?
What's the least painful way to kill yourself?
Has anyone experienced the complete opposite side effect on fluoxetine?
How can i get my sex drive back?
How is it im managing to avoid having the temptation to cut?
Should i wait it out or get to the doctor?
What would be a reason why i feel like this?
How to kill male sex drive?
How can i make myself happy?
Question about anti-depressants and their effect on passions and hobbies?
"I need help, i got put on new antidepressants because my old 1 stopped working, but i now have a dilemma now?"
Should i buy anti depression pills behind my parents back?
Should i pass up a 12 month china opportunity as family are worried about mental state?
I can't afford my medicine for my bipolar or depression?
To a psychologist. is there any way i am able to get anti-depressants before i go to my psychologist?
"Few people, if i do how will my gp know?"
I am taking my meds but am still depressed?
How to get put in a phyciatric ward?
How do i force my stepdad to go see a dr.?
I keep having breakdowns once a week and then i go back to normal?
I get really bad pain in my hips and the doctors aren't helping?
Accepting a diagnosis and becoming hopeful for the future.?
Am i crazy. if i smoke a cigarette and focus on a part of my brain chemistry i can feel it disappearing?
Guess as i found out tonight if i focus on it enough my natural anti depressant. arr cigarettes giving me a mental illness?
Or is it like an anti-depressant where it takes a couple weeks?
;m not always focused on pulling?
Will i have bipolar if most of the family as?
How will i manage a 12 hour shift?
How come nobody takes depression seriously?
What can i do to stop this feeling?
Throat really hurts and feels like ball stuck in throat?
Walk away and i don't want to be a stalker. is there an anti depressant that is safe for teens?
This is embarrassing. i have pulled my front teeth out with plyers and have urges to cut my eye out.?
"My teeth were chipped, but fine. what disorder(s) would this come under?"
Why do i have long term diarrhea?
I think i'm bipolar but my psychiatrist have diagnosed me with depression?
Feeling depressed for not any particular reason?
How to make the pain go away?
Or do they simply treat the symptoms and not the cause?
Has anyone ever been on them and had positive results and recovery?
How to tell somone (parents) that you're suicidal?
My doctors have me meds she said there to help me sleep but there actually antidepressants?
I want to be depressed again so i can start drinking again - am i crazy?
Good way to attempt suicide without dying?
How do i do this on my own?
How can i gain confidence?
Why did my period last 2 days?
The past 2 nights i got 4 hours of sleep?
My friend doesn't want to his friends interfere with his depression?
Anti depressant advice please?
"Okay, i'm feeling extremely hyper on anti-depressant?"
I feel really depressed and stressed out?
I have had depression for yrs but i had it under control.last few months its got worse?
Anti depressants and work?
Anyone ever been turned down for a job because for taking anti depressants ?
Have anti depressants worked for anybody here?
"Why am i feeling random ""shocks"" in my body?"
How do i love myself even though i'm fat?
"I'm 15, on sleeping pills, wanting to go back on anti-depressants and anti-anxiety?"
"Instead of just being started off on prozac or celexa, could i ask for wellbutrin?"
Left things out of my first appointment?
Is it okay to take two drugs?
Has not taking my recently increased dose of anti-depressants made me depressed and anxious again?
Sudden onset of anxiety and racing thoughts?
Anything close to a pill. so im wondering id there such thing as liquid anti-depressants?
Erection than he could naturally get on his own?
Please i need advice on breast reduction surgery?
Did i get a repeat prescription?
What if a suicidal person refuses to hand over pills?
Can't seem to get away with suicide and it's making me angry.?
Was my doctors decision right please answer?
"I have never felt so sad, what do i do?"
I feel sad but i'm taking anti-depressants?
To cry and just not move. is this normal to have a bad day when taking anti-depressants?
I want to get off of my medication by myself!?
I was diagnosed with a few things but my parents refuse to believe the doc?
Serious question about anti depressants and sex!!?
How to orgasm quicker during masturbation?
How can i be less a terrible person?
Treatment but badly need it.what is zoloft like and other similar anti depressants?
"I am constantly unhappy, what is wrong with me?"
Much in my life. when will my suffering end?
Incredibly messed up and at the end of my rope.?
I think i'm suffering with anxiety/worry?
"I dont know if my doctors will help, i dont need anti depressants because im not depressed! anyone simular about?"
Should i take anti-depressants or no?
Anyone here take paxil or any other anti depressant?
Should i put my mum in a mental home?
I have recently been told i suffer from bipolar (manic depression).?
"Depressed: how can i shake this feeling of ""life has passed me by""?"
Seeing my doctor about anxiety problems tommorow?
Feel normal. is it likely my doctor will prescribe me something for anxiety w/o requiring seeing a psychiatrist?
Can doctors give out more than one prescription in the uk?
How do i get in touch with a counsellor?
How do i lose 36 pounds by mid june or earlier?
Why am i bored and lonely when home alone?
"Anti depressants side effects, weight gain and losing hair?"
Is there a chance that i could have bipolar?
"Had i really gotten over my chronic depression, or just in denial?"
How could i fall out of love this fast?
It seems nowadays that if you're not quite right in the head they instantly try to drug you. depression?
I feel depressed and my boyfriend just leaves me be. ignores me and looks like hes pissed at me. why?
I've had headaches across my forehead everyday for 5 months now.?
I'm having suicidal thoughts?
If one uses anti depressants does he have sexual feelings does his organ enlarges?
I get really weird feeling i think there panic attacks?
Addition to my last question in mental health.?
Was 8. do i need my parents permission to get anti depressants from my dr. ?
Is this true about my medication?
Has anyone here ever attempted an overdose?
What is the least painful way to commit suicide?
"Um, hi, i have ocd, and i keep trying to tell my mom but she doesnt beleive me. i really need help, so how do i have control?"
St. johns wort anti-depressant side affects?
Sleeping pill guaranteed for long period of 'sleep?
Overdose on motrin & anti depressants ?
Is it illegal to run away?
Where can i get antidepressants and a gun at the same time?
Introverts: what is the longest time you withdraw from people?
How to at least improve my situation slightly?
Should i make a complaint against my gp?
"Can someone give me information about schizophrenia, depression, insomnia or pyromania?"
What treatment options are there for me?
Do i need an anti depressant?
Anti depressant advice?
Is it okay if i take tylenol?
"Recovering from depression, will energy levels return to normal?"
Normal and that with time my energy will return?
I would like to get anti-depressants?
How do you kill yourself painlessly?
How to kill myself without weapons/money?
"Well, i'm 13. i haven't any guns or money, so how can i do it?"
Will my doctor tell my parents?
Anti-depressants/anti-anxiety meds?
"Today i was prescribed fluoxetine 20mg it says to take in the morning, shall i wait until morning or take 1 now?"
No one is taking my depression seriously?
Why am i so paranoid about everything?
Mirena coil and anti-depressants?
Could my psychologist make me go to the hospital please 4th time asking?
I don't really feel feelings and i don't know how too?
Why can my partners ex not let him move on.?
Is there a chance i might be bipolar?
I forgot my anti depressant?
"Feeling suicidal and crying for half hour, then feeling happy?"
Simple question. is 1t ok if a 14 year old take 1 40mg citalopram each night?
"I think i might be depressed, what do i do?"
My mother told me she is thinking about killing herself?
Anti-depressants and weight gain?
Should i justify my bad grades to my teacher?
"Anti-depressants, alcohol, and driving?"
Feel worse after coming off antidepressants?
Question about depression & anti-depressants?
Something it won't help me any. do anti-depressants usually work?
I see letters and symbols everywhere?
Why am i feeling sad all the time?
Marijuana vs. anti-depressants?
"I am having a family emergency, and my boss is not accommodating. what would you do?"
How do i hide my cuts in gym class?
About anti-depressants?
"I have bad dreams about my days in the army, and i think i might have ptsd?"
I dont want to go to the doctors because who would hire an insane person?
On new anti-depressants?
Over a long period of time?
That could bring my dad some relief?
Ronaldweasley how dare you steal that car?
What medicine works for anxiety?
Bottle alot up and feel like im on fire inside.. i want to try anti-depressants and try tharapy to learn how to control it all.. ideas?
Serious question about cialis and getting erections?
What can i do about this?
Can i get fired from my job for saying i want too kill myself?
Would you consider this a suicide attempt?
"Can't sleep, even with exercise and meds?"
Over the counter female viagra?
"I want help, but i'm afraid to take anti depressants?"
Vomiting and feeling sick all day?
"Mentally drained right now, any suggestions?"
Person refuses to seek needed help because of fear of mental health stigmas?
I really need help; i'm depressed and don't know a way out?
Should i tell the doctor i feel depressed?
Would i go to an in patient psychiatric hospital thing?
Why would my period be late?
My best friend doesn't eat enough and has depression?
Do i have anxiety or depression?
Which antidepressants have worked well for you?
Why don't i feel any side effects of this?
Why does my body always feel dehydrated?
"Here is my hepatitis b blood test result, what does it mean?"
Does this sound like diabetes or anything else to anyone?
Wich is best medicine for diabetes?
Is steroids australia a legit seller?
Pro-hormone question?
Hormone. has anyone every tried it?
"Also red, he went to the doctors and they prescribed with anti fungal cream to apply on the redness. is he okay?"
What's is wrong with my foreskin and scrotum?
Would it be herpes or just a irriation or infection?
I have a bad rash on my testicles and penis?
Can this cause a delay in my menstrual cycle?
Oral thrush and fungal rashes?
Pro x clears anti fungal medicine work?
Painting toenails whilst using anti-fungal medicine?
Feeling a heaviness sensation in my testicles and started having some small blisters on my skin on penis.?
What is the history behind this remedy?
Is is safe to take these two together?
Before i found this lesion?
What is this dry skin in my private area?
Nothing is working on my pubic area rash?
About mange in kittins vs human contact?
"Feet peeling, is it my flip flops?"
Like if im in the shower or if im doing the dishes my feet will turn red and start to itch and kinda hurt is there a medication for that?
"Tight throat for 3+ months, sore throat for 3+ weeks?"
Silver toe rings and athletes foot?
For example: could the spray you use on athletes foot be used to cure another fungal infection such as thrush?
Im white but my penis is really dark?
I might have fungal infection on my crotch?
" i dont know if it is an std or yeast infection, will any anti fungal cream can cure this?"
World best anti fungal cream for infection between thighs and scrotum?
Hi guys .. i've got an itch around my genital area . need a cure plz help?
Why does my tongue stay white?
I brush my tongue and all but always stays white?
"Rings on big tie nails, fungus?"
Will this cream have any side effects on my skin?
"Large round lesions on face, red and raw then scaly - help?"
"Very important question!! too complicated to sum up, details below?"
Away!! now i have a theorydiflucan is an antibiotic/anti fungal right?
Fungal infection help?
Should i cover ringworm?
Why is my rash/ringworm so itchy?
Why don't doctors know what mine and my boyfriends rash is?
What's this on my feet and hands?
Like a yeast infection?
Itchy and sore anus and perineium?
Its soo itchy would it get cured within a period of time without a period of time ?
Could this be a yeast infection?
Red dots around foreskin fold?
Yeast infection on my breasts?
Pityriasis (tinea) versicolour help!!! please!!!?
How did i get ringworm?
"I used monistat 3, and i don't know what to do?"
What's wrong with my toe?
Is it eczema or somthing else?
Herpes or bacteria infection question?
What's wrong with my vagina?
Help! my yeast infection is getting worse..?
Red rash on glans question?
Benzemul for genital crabs?
Is this a foot callus ?
"Is this ringworm. look at it, it's yucky!?"
Fungus in between fingers?
Fingernail infection?
I hve this like itch stuff on my legs and feet?
Why do i always smell bad?
What is wrong with my boobs?
Weird slightly yellow gooey snot looking discharge?
Can someone help me answer my ringworm questions?
So i'm scared to get a piece of plastic shoved up my you know what?
I have some type of foot fungus?
Rash under my pubes and around penis?
Urinary tract infection makes me feel horny?
What is this on the back of my neck?
"I'm 14 years old, and what the hell is this on my neck?"
Does my boyfriend have yeast?
Corner of mouth keeps cracking and it hurts?
"I'm really panicking, what should i do?"
"Toe nail fell off, will it grow back?"
Are any of these drugs steroids?
Is there something wrong with my vagina?
My armpit is so so dark?
Red flaky rash on skin?
My balls really itch. why do they?
Left nipple areola pain?
Recommendations about my toe nails?
Monistat and acidophilus?
My butt smell very bad. why?
"Big, red, splotch on my face?"
Help!! is it even eczema?
Weird rash thing on face?
"Penis shaft itch, not an std?"
Can i please get a serious answer?
I have a fungal nail infection :(?
Foot infection diagnosis?
My thrush won't go away?
Very painful athletes foot!?
Athletes foot cure time line?
Any scalp eczema advice?
Rash on sole of my foot?
Got a little red patchy rash on the sole of my foot feels warm and ha rather itchy like wee lumps i'm treating it for athletes foot any advice ?
Problems with my bottom?
I need some health advice..?
"Warm, damp, sweaty balls?"
My skin is peeling!!! help!!!?
"Help, vaginal thrush!?"
Eczema or athletes foot?
Deodorant on scrotum.?
Painful and discoloured toenail!?
I have bad thrush :::::?
Urgent! please help me figure this out!?
My middle finger fell off when i was a kid ?
Can u take two pills at once?
Whats going on with my skin?
Please please help and be nice?
"I have patches on my scotrum, please help?"
Remedid to excess uric acid?
"It is the same exact ingredients so i assume tylenol or simply sleep is also a anti-histamine, correct?"
"Hi, i have a question regarding anti-histamines?"
Mosquito bites ten points right away?
"Feels like a lump in throat, feels like something's in my throat when i swallow?"
Am i at risk of serious infections?
Really dry skin on my face after horse riding?
Where can i buy anti-histamine cream in brisbane?
How long would it take to kill you?
My cat is sneezing all the time!?
Headaches and head pain?
Wheat allergy question?
Contact lenses and dry eyes ?
I need meds for anxiety?
I have a bad migraine but no medicine?
Help with contact lenses?
Constant blocked nose and headache(?
My throat hurts after eating?
"My child has an insect bite,she said it was a red bug wht kind of insect is tht?"
Why is my anti-histamine not working ?
Itchy eyes what can i do?
What is this rash please?
Did the ice cube burn my skin?
Isn't this to many problems for 20 year old?
I think i have a case of hives?
Why are hands so itchy?
Allergic reaction on my hands?
I stole vicodin and took 20 mg. and i itch?
I know its a opioid so its like haroin so i'd that why i itch?
Can you identify this rash?
It only happens at night. and it gets really bad where i'm itching and itching and all my legs go red and bubble up. what could it be?
Any women with lichen sclerosus?
I have a question about eczema?
Allergic reaction or what?
Pouding in ear but does not hurt?
Do i have hives (please help)?
Bad reaction to a skin moisturiser?
My scalp keeps itching?
Help! my foot/toes !!?
I itch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Questions about topamax?
Should i get an anti rabies vaccine?
Good day its about tetanus?
I got scratched by a rusty nail !?
Whiplash or tetanus symptoms?
Im concernedthyroids problem!?
What is my rash and do i need to see a doctor?
"About a few medications such as schederma ointment, and dial anti-viral soap?"
My doctor thinks i have herpes could he be wrong?
Is this a crazy idea?
"My girlfriend has herpes, should i dump her?"
Pregnancy and herpes?
I need inputs as to what i may have?
Why do i have this brown/bloody discharge?
Are these still chicken pox?
False herpes positive?
Is there cold/flu going around in indiana?
Why do you need my name?
Hopefully not a cold sore?
This is a bit complicated. should i stop taking valtrex?
Can you get hiv from this?
Is it likely i have aids?
Blister probably cold sore?
It started with a blister in the inside of my lip now there is a cold sore on the side off my lip?
Could i have genital hsv1?
Am i going through a phase?
About losing my beloved friends and am on antidepressent/antianxiety medication sertraline. when will i be me?
"Deaf with constant tinnitus, how can i ignore it (and stay sane?"
Has anyone taken ativan before?
Anxiety causing me to overthink this?
Bipolar question - does this situation make sense?
"Help with illness, please?"
"The jewelry. i've heard that crushed aspirin, sea salt, and antibacterial spray are good options. is that right?"
I masturbated then i went i washed my hands with antibacterial handwash?
How can a minor order things online without having to use parents account or credit card?
Left the lid of my contact solution bottle open?
Clear it up. 1) several different bar soaps (including dial gold soap) 2) antibacterial spray?
What is going on with my system?
What is wrong with my belly button piercing?
It can i still use it ?
People help me is the sperm dead please answer this is a serious question?
White clear puss coming out my monroe piercing?
Found baby wild hare with a punctured eye?
"Circle lenses, am i doing this right?"
Self prescribing metrinidazole that is 4 years outdated?
"German roach problem, what to do about daughters saftey?"
Has anyone used tretinoin cream for acne?
Mens health top contributors answer please?
Where should i go to get it?
"Do i mix it with something, if so, how. how long do i leave it on?"
My hair has thinned due to stress and my scalp is itchy and sore ?
An i reacting to this prescription?
"This is embarrassing. i've had smelly feet for the most part of my life. is it because of certain shoes, soap?"
"Hi, i bought a brand new pencil sharpener and i took out the razor blade and cleaned it with rubbing alcohol, do you think it will be ok to cut with?"
And how can i get rid of the smell?
Can i start to wear my trial contacts out?
How long will my cut take to heal?
What should a scar/cut look like a few hours after cuttin?
Cuttin wit a pencil sharpener blade. on the lower arm dont cut i was just curious?
My mouth is in pain can a dentist give me their opinion?
Can anyone tell me whats wrong with my skin?
I just put carex antibacterial hand and surface spray on ny face?
How would i know if i get an infection?
Why does my girlfriend vigian have a smell?
The bottom of my foot is kind of swollen and itchy?
Can i ignore the little splinter on my finger?
Wisdom tooth pain spreading through mouth?
How to get rid of 1 giant spot?
My dad has ocd and hates my boyfriend because he thinks he's not hygienic enough?
Peeled off skin on side of foot?
Handling dog poop and then my baby?
How to prevent d pain of scrach in my r8 knee?
How to clear up bad acne (sensitive skin)?
Blackhead on lip resulting in cold sore?
" my lip or putting stress on it?	""	""Topics_all_specialties_Jun_2013d.xls	antibacterial	http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result?scope=all&category=396545018&fltr=_en&question_status=all&answer_count=any&date_submitted=90&p=antibacterial""&orderby=rank&page=40"
Yeast infection and on periodhow long?
Really gross cut on the side of my hand?
I get frequent stomach aches in the mornings?
What about having black tea & date-palm during spring detoxification?
What are these marks on my breasts ?
Urinary tract infection question?
Birth control & period question?
Will this antibiotic get rid the infection in my piercing also?
That my industrial piercing is infected. will the antibiotic get rid of the piercing infection also?
Have my antibiotic treatment for gonorrhea and chlamydia failed or is it something else?
Do antibiotics affect the effectiveness of the combined pill?
Stomach pains i heard it's the side effects so that mean the antibiotics is working?
"If the antibiotic doesn't work for an infection , the same but just make it more resistent to the antibiotic ?"
And creams but it doesn't seem to help. i feel like oral antibiotics is the way to go. can anyone help me?
Should this dentist have prescribed an antibiotic?
"Will (supposedly) take a week or two. however, he didn't prescribe an antibiotic. should he have?"
Less antibiotics than prescribed is worse than none?
How do antibiotics add weight to cows?
Which antibiotics are used?
How antibiotics and the pill work?
"Ago, now i am terrified of getting an std, i have antibiotics. should i take them now?"
How long does the antibiotic works in ur system?
Taking antibiotics and weed at the same time?
Time to get out of your system ?
Just wondering how quickly the tonsillitis should get better with the antibiotics?
"Puss (gross, sorry about that). do i need to book an appointment for antibiotics, or can it go away on it's own?"
Unfinished antibiotics for tooth infection and still very painful?
What is the origin of natural sea salt as an antibiotic?
Are these side effects of the antibiotics?
For 16s and over so i can't have that is there any antibiotics i could have?
The second of the month i was giving a five day supply for antibiotics but i am still very sick. was this not enough?
Why my daughter had been prescribed another course of antibiotics?
;m seeing her tomorrow. will taking vitamins or antibiotics reduce the chance of me catching it?
"I got antibiotics for my dog from my vet with the letter c on it and the number 75, what kind is it?"
"Online that she's not contagious after 24 to 48 hours after taking antibiotics, but i'm not sure. will i get strep if i kiss her?"
If i have to take antibiotics three time a day every 24 hours how often is this and at what human times shoul?
"Know unprotected sex even with birth control is a risk, but will these antibiotics affect my bc from the night before?"
For the last three days. what should i do?
For me to be on the laptop now. is it a flu or do i need antibiotics?
 month old son was given three doses of a 24hr antibiotic in 12 hrs?
", whether you have it in your throat , vagina , or anus , if you take an antibiotic to cure it , does it cure the infection wherever it may be ?"
", which potentially fatal sti can be treated and cured with antibiotics?"
Is my period just late or did my antibiotic mess with my birth control?
"I have acne and im using ""guinot antibiotic"" product for acne skin?"
Long it take the lump from deep folliculitis to go away?
Know anything else that might help to relieve the pressure?
Long is a rash suppose to last for?
"The shot like 4-5 weeks ago and had sex last week, do you think the antibiotics are still in my system ?"
"Of my throat is really itchy, but the rest is just sore. should i take a antibiotic already?"
Infection until tomorrow?
"Threw up after taking antibiotics, should i take more?"
Tooth. do you think they would just drain it and give me antibiotics as it doesn't hurt or pull it?
Do i know if a bacterial colony is dead?
How long should i wait before starting a medication again?
How long should i take antibiotics?
Hurt. what should i do about it?
What kind of doctor should my boyfriend see?
How is one born with a great immune system?
What is rare atypical transitional cell fround in urine?
What is causing my bad taste in my mouth?
How do i know mcertain infection is gone?
;m allergic to many different antibiotics. it's hard for allergic to one of the antibiotics in there?
"It's a nasal antibiotic, i use it one before bed. will it effect my birth control?"
What would cause my dog to have bloody urine and a blood clot?
What prescription do dentists call in?
'm going to the doctor so they can prescribe me some kind of antibiotics. how do they check for it?
"I was diagnosed with bronchitis, i finished my antibiotic and i'm still very sick?"
What are the chances of a dog surviving from parvo?
"Fluxocillin, my question is can i now take it out permanently now im on antibiotics and no infection will get trapped?"
Out. because i know its dangerous to take paracetomal or drink when your on antibiotics but is it also dangerous for diarrhoea tablets?
How long should my tonsils stay swollen?
Am still unsure. what should i do?
How long did it take to cure your chlamydia ?
"Today, but how can i prevent yeast infections?"
How do you find the motivation to lose weight?
Does a doctor have to tell you the results of tests?
What medicine should i have?
"I am a 71vyear old female in relatively good health,except for high blood pressure that is under?"
Go to ugent care for it just to get something for the pain and possibly some antibiotics?
What could be causing these symptoms and how do i cure them?
It's not really enough. hopefully i should be getting some antibiotics tomorrow but until then is there anything i can do to help the pain?
Any way of making is go away really fast?
What its called its not strep though. i'm starting to take antibiotics. how long will this infection be contagious ?
'm desperate for relief. will pepto bismol hurt the antibiotic effects?
I would like you ask the quation releted to how to destroy tuberculosis becteria?
A right direction. & also i want to know about which is best tuberculosis antibiotics medicine?
And polio. but today my throat is infected and i took antibiotics can i continue ?
"For sinus pressure and congestion do help relieve the pain, but only for a few hours. do i need antibiotics?"
How much is a hospital visit?
Edema and how often should bandages be changed?
Do i have to have antibiotics for tetanus?
Is. do i have to buy a antibiotic to fight off tetanus right now?
Why does this happen every time i get sick?
", how long until they subside?"
Will the pharmasist know what i have from my prescription?
Normal baby stuff or something else. should i just call the dr back and insist they put her on antibiotics?
"Dentists, what would you in this situation with teeth and gums?"
How to take my antibiotics?
How to complain for this medical negligence?
An appointment next week. for the meantime can i have penicillin antibiotic tablets to cure it?
What should i do about this throat infection?
Which on is not a mechanism of antibiotic resistance by bacteria?
Is this a sign that my bronchitis is going away?
Any of those symptoms since it's the last day of the antibiotics?
Very well. i have heard that when going off acne antibiotics peoples acne comes back worse. is this true?
You think i should get it seen?
Bandage it up and what materials?
My face is swollen with blisters and my eye is swollen shut?
Antibiotic metronidazole 500 mg and alcohol?
Do i have to ask my doctor before i take probiotics?
Lymphoma and i am just curious. bq: can they just give her antibiotics and send her home?
"A little water on it, only for it to sting even more. i then took some antibiotic cream and tapped it on the area. should i do anything else?"
Foot has been swollen and hot for four days while on antibiotics?
The original symptoms still be showing 7 days on from my antibiotic dose and i should be ok in a few more days?
Went to doctor 3 days ago and got prescribed antibiotics. shouldn't it be getting better by now?
Why am i coughing and what can i do to help it?
S known to reduce redness & swelling. should i put antibiotic cream on it or like a drying paste?
Taking a beach trip while on antibiotics?
Std. how long should i wait to get the vaccine after ending the antibiotics?
Does anyone have a clue as to why i randomly broke out in hives and its getting worse?
My ear has been hurting on and off for 3 weeks?
Do i have a sexually transmitted disease?
Nurse refused to remove painfull iv during hospital stay?
I keep using that medication will it go away?
Why do i keep getting green phlegm?
My private part is itchy but embarrassed to my female doctor?
I have been feeling nauseas and like im going to pass out everytime i stand up and walk?
 year olds adult tooth looks like it is coming in black?
And isn't smiling at all. i haven't had her on any antibiotics so what else could cause it?
Why does my finger keep getting infected?
I put some tripple antibiotic cream & took 2 tsp of cough and sore throat medicine & my arm is still numb now what?
I love cats but badly allergic to them?
Running water over it several times a day keeping it wrapped and taking some kind of antibiotic. is this enough?
Back and i have been cleaning it with peroxide and putting triple antibiotic ointment on it and now it looks likes there pusswhat should i do?
How long will my face scab take to heal?
What are these red bumps on my penis?
Are my ears infected by the earrings?
"The earring, it bled so i put pressure on it to make it stop, put antibiotic ointment on and now have a band aid on it. what should i do?"
I have really bad pain in my left nostril?
<-- picture all i been doing is putting triple antibiotic ointment any suggestions or things i can' do?
I think i am allergic to my insulin?
"Tragus piercing is infected and swollen, pulling earring under the skin.?"
All except to bathe it carefully in saline 3 times a day with a cotton ball or q-tip. is it actually infected?
Should i go to the doctor about this?
Large filled bump on stomach stretch mark?
Skin below my nails keeps peeling and it hurts (picture included)?
I have a medical question?
Help getting rid of blisters?
I have a wart and don't know what you do?
How should i treat this cut?
Sutures removed yesterday should i go back to doctor. plz read :)?
Is my cut on my ankle infected?
Am i caring for my wound properly?
When will my scrape stop burning?
I have a large pimple-ish bump thing on the inside of my vagina..wtf?
"Clean and dry, but is it safe to put like a little neosporin or another antibiotic ointment on that area?"
"On my period and butt burns really bad , why ?"
Is this normal for an infection?
Removing a splinter from a toddler?
Possibly skin cancer or what?
Ugh please help.. really bad rash won't go away after 2 weeks?
Please help! really bad rash won't go away after 2 weeks?
"Open cut on my hand, going to be cleaning at work. are infections possible?"
Bumps on my old scar?
Sore on nose won't heal?
"Injury, need some advice for how to handle it?"
"Washed the wounds out with soap & water, applied badnages & antibiotic ointment. urgent care worthy, do you think?"
Backs of legs itch soooooo bad?
When does a cut on a finger need stitches?
Please help! bleeding penis :(?
How do i help this heal?
Severe finger infection!?
Anyone had a mole removal done?
May have a infection on my lip or spider bite?
I was bitten by a cat do i have rabies?
(extended) i have my ears pierced an now they are infected?
If when on the beach someone was stung by a jellyfish would you know what to do to help?
I woke up and my mosquito bite turned red and looks like a hickey (pic) am i gonna die?
How to get rid of this bump?
"Just got bit by something. panicking a little, do you think it's serious enough to go to the hospital?"
Is it bad if a boil like bump pops?
What happens to my hands?
Pimple like almost inside my nose?
It hurts like really bad . i think i have it cuz i'm sick and the snot or soothing idkk. bit it hurts. any ripe on how to make it now hurt?
My hand hurt what should i do?
Weird itchy rash on my toe?
Cleaning/care of a bug bite?
I have a friend who's big toe nail is about to come off .she doesn't what to take it off?
Is my knee wound infected?
Most disgusting fluid coming from leg?
"Lip split, dryness, and canker sores?"
I have a zit/pimple below my?
"Got bit by a bug last night, help?"
After circumcision tips?
Please answer! easy 10 points!!! i got cut with a knife?
Poison ivy is really bad now?
Pus is coming out of my wound?
Is it a wound infection?
I've been having constant nose bleeds?
Acne products: which ones work?
I got pricked by a rose thorn ):?
Help! i cut my leg last night and i'm scared! do i tell my mom!?
Painful itch bite/lump on my leg?
Infected contraceptive implant ?
Hpv and apple cider vinegar?
My blister burns why?
Have i hit an artery?
Picked a spot and its gone so bad! help!?
Self harm cuts. help?
Does anyone know what this is?
A boil under my armpit?
Wound on penis. suggestions needed?
I cut myself for the first time.?
Please help . my mom hit her head and she's bleeding ?
The treatment of tags?
First aid for a burn?
Please tell me this isnt herpes(be nice)?
I think i cut a nerve!?
Small infected cut on my arm?
Help..razor blade gone wrong ?
I have a tick on me!! help pleaseeeeee!?
Healing a blister burn?
Need help about tick bite?
Should i report this or wait?
Infected toe (help please)?
Can i get a tattoo with my heart?
Future of the world because of antibiotic resistance?
Bacterial infections have become much more of a threat to human health due to?
Antibiotic resistance?
"I did something really idiotic, i might have taken the same pill twice then i was suppose to?"
Pleaseeee help 10 points for the right answer ! ^_^?
Possible cyst or tumor?
Burns when i pee and it itch in the hole and around it i really need help what is this ..?
How do uget a vagainal bacterial?
Birth control compromised (?
Non penicillin antibiotics?
Round of cipro and two of tetracycline.) what are some of the antibiotics used to treat these infections?
Tonsillitis penicillin dose - did the gp give me too much?
Back in may 2012 i had a pain simulator put in my back because i have nerve damage and they kept me overnight.?
Homeopathic prescribing to treat tuberculosis?
Can you catch it from kissing?
Kind of antibiotic can cure std?
I heard this rumor if you are on antibiotics and you do exercise you can damage your kidneys?
Bactrim (biseptol) cover spreptococcus piogene?
Why was my poop green?
Pregnant and my vagina itches!!!?
"Help please, woman problems.. !?"
I have a staph infection?
Help my penis is bleeding!?
Question about pneumonia and antibiotics?
Little bit swollen. is this normal?
Is this in the realm of normal forgetfulness?
"What my child has, virus or bacterial infection?"
Just a side effect or would you say this is the chlamydia and that the antibiotics are not working or is it too soon to tell ?
Will my sense of smell and taste come back?
Do you think i will be hosptialzed if i go to the hosptial?
Should i be worried about recall for test results?
Can these antibiotics affect the pill?
I am having bad headache high in the morning and evening?
I lost weight and my boobs are getting smaller?
"I'm getting really tired of them, is it normal to get a yeast infection from antibiotics?"
Very painful bump on back of shoulder?
I received a tetanus shot a week ago and i have a very hard lump on my arm?
What is the ringing in my right ear?
I recently had my iud removed due to pain that was very strong. i went to the doctor to get it removed and?
I have a uti and my period always comes on sunday but this time it came on saturday?
", and not really be the period?"
Vagina feels really sore inside with discharge and smears of light blood?
Been having voice problems for about a month?
He told me to cut it in half since it's too strong for me but will it still be effective?
I took my antibiotic penicillin as directed. take again for another infection?
Persisting ent problems/post-tonsillitis symptoms?
Paranoid about taking antibiotics?
Has anyone seen a 6 week negative hiv anitbody result turn positive 6 weeks later?
Is there any chance of getting hiv i my case?
Rapid hiv antibody tests?
What is the normal hiv antibody 1/2 average test period?
Diabetes type 1 or something else?
Hiv test after recent flu/infection?
If you were to actually have hiv and were showing symptoms due to the infection?
Is my thyroid a cause for concern?
What are the symptoms?
My thyroid range is 4.31 should i treated?
I thought hiv/aids doesn't live long outside the body?
Do i have celiac disease?
Did i/do i still have tss?
"I have a lymphatic system clinical case study that i can't figure out, help is much appreciated!!?"
Questions about diagnosing systemic lupus?
Accurate statements about antibody titers?
Table 18.1 antibody titer day 1 day 7 day 14 day 21 patient a 0 0 256 512 patient b 128 256 512 1024 patient c?
Hhv-6 tests and diagnosis?
Stepped in a fresh pool of blood?
Hepatitis b core help!?
Got strep. can i and is it safe to take this antibotic so i never develop symptoms of strep?
My cat is sleeping all day long. i had another cat sick who also sleep all day. 1st cat with antibotic/bette?
Can you mix these drugs together?
What is this lump/bump on my face?
My right eye is twitching?
Thrush tablet on my last antibotic?
Like crazy again.anyone know what this is?
Can i still have sex?
Bad periods please help?
Heavy period symptoms ?
My throat area above my chest. could i be gettin sick because of this antibotic?
Am i gettin allergic to weed?
Sinus infection help?
Threw up but not sick?
Help! breakouts around boobs?
"Silly question, but is it possible?"
"Im 19, high d-dimer, and was hospitalized suspected pulmonary embolism?"
My dad had a minor stroke. what do the doctors notes mean?
This is what the doctor wrote on my father's discharge summary - what does all this mean?
State two pathological conditions when clotting time is prolonged?
She has pain and since the blood clot is turning black and purple for a 50 year old women mean anything ?
Have you ever donated plasma?
"Just had two teeth pulled out, need advice!?"
My cousins skin is purple?
Flesh in period blood?
Bleeding during workout?
Wierd thing in my period!!! please help!!!?
Grandfather can't breathe without ventilator?
Started coughing up blood?
Unable to write/type after a manic episode?
Questions about lamictal and trileptal for bipolar?
Anyone take keppra and suffer depressive episodes?
Medical question on hyper mobility syndrome?
Why did psychiatrist prescribe this med?
What happened to my life?
Venlafaxine and lamotrigine how much any body know?
I'm 49 and for the last 5-6 weeks i have had tingling and pins and needles downo my arm and hand.?
Buying diazapam online uk?
I am a 15yr old girl..?
Of several weeks in alleviation of depression symptoms after initiation of antidepressant medication?
Has anyone tried an antidepressant to work well for neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia.?
Has anyone ever experienced forgetfulness and trouble finding their words after being on antidepressant?
The best success rate?
Should i start therapy and take antidepressants?
Do your parents have to know if you get prescribed antidepressants or something?
Have depression. could i go to the doctors and have medication or antidepressants without my parents knowing?
If i will ever feel normal again like i was on the antidepressants?
"Am not in attendance. will my doctor be able to still prescribe an antidepressant, or am i too high a suicide risk?"
Do you take or know about tricyclic antidepressants?
"No longer effective, so what should i do, should i get off antidepressants altogether?"
How to beat obsession thought ?
First time taking antidepressants and going on holiday?
A quick question about giving antidepressants to my son?
If my mom starts taking antidepressants i won't have to give her support anymore right?
Which i don't mind. she is starting antidepressants on tuesday so she will not need my support anymore correct?
Why do my antidepressant poop out?
How long after overdosing does death come?
Ve already been prescribed this in the past?
The right choice of medicine made given that there are several antidepressants with horrible side effects?
I have an appt to check up on how my antidepressants are. what if i tell him this?
Question about antidepressants and drug use?
"Is this normal, it takes me far longer to climax when using a fleshlight than without?"
Why the antidepressant (cymbalta) is not improving my depression?
But my depression and anxiety is very bad. does anyone know a better antidepressant to ask my doctor to put me on for my psychotic depression?
Does anybody else have days where their depression is so bad that they just dont have the energy to do things?
"To be honest. isn't there anything i can go on that isn't in the antidepressant family, like something actually deigned to be a sleep aid?"
I have a question about antidepressants?
How the hell can i get over depression?
Are antidepressants ruining my relationship?
What all should i go over with my doctor about my depression?
Did i screw myself over big time by skipping antidepressants?
To take my antidepressants with me on a after my antidepressants kick in again?
I'm considering asking my doctor to prescribe antidepressants and need advice?
How to pretend to be happy when you are not?
Im happy but really want to start smoking again?
Is my antidepressant is working or should i ask my therapist to change it. really need help?
Scared to go to the doctors about depression?
"Therapist, is there any chance i will just be prescribed antidepressants?"
"Give you meds, but if i find myself a primary doctor. could they prescribe me antidepressants?"
My best friend keeps overdosing on sleeping pills?
My dog is showing signs of depression. should i get him on antidepressants?
"Off on prozac or celexa, could i ask for wellbutrin?"
How to speak to my mum about this?
Does anyone else feel like the only reason you're alive is because you don't want others to suffer?
Is there something wrong with my relationship or am i depressed?
My anxiety and depression has ruined college?
My doctor wouldnt give me antidepressants?
Why is my dr making me see a therapist?
Felt really great earlier and now i want to die?
Negative thought pattern. what is this?
"Who uses a fleshlight, have you tried it without the case?"
Have any of you gone the drug treatment route and stopped self-harming?
Is my antidepressant is working or should i ask my therapist to change it. really need help.?
Should i go back on antidepressants?
Will do me no harm in the future?
Should i talk to psychiatrist?
But why would it do that?
Mother is angry about me going on antidepressants?
"Made me feel very guilty, like i was wronging her in some way :/ are antidepressants really that bad?"
Disorder and does heredity play role on it. does antidepressant really cure it and if cure than how chances are ?
Am i using my depression as an excuse to be lazy?
How many tablets would it take to make..?
A fast death rather than a slow one (like a week) ?
Is these are the symptom of panic attack or i am just anxious?
Weather or not to begin taking antidepressant medication. i am very weary when someone takes antidepressants?
"Okay my mother-in-law asked if i was bipolar, serious replies and please no judgements?"
Should i stop taking mu psych meds?
"Feeling really sad lately, uncomfortable around people, but very lonely?"
Am i schizophrenic or do i have psychotic depression?
Is this just depression or is there something else wrong with me?
Have you had this issue with doctors?
Toned but when i go home and the next day i dont see it ..also im on antidepressants called celexa would it have anything to do with it?
What is the best antidepressant for my dad?
Having everything you could ever want and depression?
Antidepressants: coping with side effects?
"To change me , or the way i feel. any of you that are on antidepressants ,how do they make you feel?"
"I want a relationship but am afraid. i have schizoaffective, bipolar or paranoid schizophrenia?"
I have some questions for people who have anxiety/panic attacks?
What would happen when you use this together?
Please need good answer. which antidepressant is a good substitute for viibyrd ?
Is this a normal side effect?
How could i keep myself motivated when?
"My erection is not good, i take antidepressant effexor?"
Taking antidepressants to slow down metabolism?
Can you be depressed but not sad?
Isn't agreeing with my thoughts?
What's an easy (possible) way to kill ones self?
"School refusal, what is wrong with me?"
Antidepressants affects on period and birth control?
Have you ever used an antidepressant medication that helped?
With either depression or ocd?
A question about risks and side effects?
Why isn't this headache medicine helping?
Why are my antidepressants working like this?
"All i want to do is pop sleeping pills, and sleep my life away?"
Is this ocd and will my antidepressant help eventually?
Withdrawal from antidepressants?
What do you think about antidepressants?
"Every time i take my ad, i noticed strange feelings, beneficial and not-so beneficial to me. has anyone experienced the same?"
Do i feel like this because i forgot to take my medicine?
Bad butterfly feeling in tummy. (is it my antidepressant pills or boyfriend that is causing this?
Am i afraid to be in a relationship?
Do antidepressants really help?
Why do i feel so down after having such a great run?
I think i am addicted to drugs and i don't know what to do?
Weight gain and antidepressants?
Is there medication to help with the way i feel?
To take antidepressants when i sure if antidepressants are right?
Bc of my constant worry. or should i look into trying another antidepressant?
Could i be bipolar or maybe just cyclothymia?
Is this a normal feeling from antidepressants?
"Just curious about what i should expect. obviously i'll get antidepressants, but what else might happen (in terms of therapy, other treatment, etc.)?"
How do i get on antidepressants / anti-anxiety medication 10 points!?
My mum won't let me have antidepressants?
"Know once my life gets back to normal, i probably will. but in the meantimeshould i try an antidepressant med?"
How to stop feeling guilty?
Weight gain with antidepressants?
I want to check myself into a psych ward?
Dizzy a lot. can this be caused from the antidepressants?
Im 15 and i was wondering to go on antidepressants (for many reasons) do they work ?
Cant go on anymore or live with these problems?
What do you think of self harm?
"Need advice on career, lexapro, and social anxiety?"
There any people out there who have solid jobs and take an antidepressant who don't feel like their cognition is impaired?
Should i switch antidepressants?
Has anybody ever tried a tricyclic antidepressant or one that is not advertised on tv?
What was it and what was your experience?
I need something to get me through this depression.?
Should i get on an antidepressant?
With my life. i am wondering if i need to get on an antidepressant?
Should i take my antidepressants?
 should i continue or stop?
Have you ever had joint/muscle pain with antidepressants and antipsychotics?
How much would i pay for a therapy visit?
Should i try another antidepressant?
Antidepressants with antipsychotics?
Celexa withdrawals: looking for people who took low does and took several weeks to recover?
Antidepressant that does not cause somulance?
Does anyone have any experience with luvox (good or bad)?
Have any side effects?
You think you can buy happiness in a pill?
How many visits to a psychiatrist should i have before applying for ssi?
I think i'm depressed and need an antidepressant?
How to ask to be tested for depression?
Why am i sleeping so poorly?
Morning. i don't know what to do anymore. should i be on antidepressants?
Which antidepressant work or worked for you?
And suicidal thoughts?
How do you go on when you know everything will fall apart when you wake up?
"Should i try another antidepressant, help?"
Can a person constantly handling another's depression get memory loss?
Uk what pills could be described for someone who is suffering from depression?
What are the side effects?
Is there anyone out there that took antidepressants (ssri) before puberty?
"If so, and if you are an adult now, did you turn out fine?"
My blood pressure is up and sun exposure iron levels?
What's the difference between serotonin syndrome?
"Tired, craving sugar, irritable, bad skin?"
"And absolutely miserable. is it possible for the effects of an antidepressant to just ""wear off"" as if i need a stronger dose?"
I cant open up to people about my feelings and depression?
No motivation and very sleepy?
Come home and take naps in the afternoon. could this be because of my antidepressants?
"Question about anxiety, antidepressants and coffee?"
"I am on effexor, what do i do if that is what's causing it?"
"Recovering from self harm, drastic weight gain?"
Can my emotions ever recover?
Increasing antidepressants?
Is my psychiatrist mentally stable?
Whats worst and how long does it last?
Are antipsychotics safe medications in your opinion?
"I feel like people are watching me all the time, and can hear my thoughts?"
What will happen if i stop taking medication ?
What the heck does this mean?
Help: abruptly stopped taking antidepressants for a few days. the effects?
Been prescribed ssri antidepresants any experiences with these please?
What is the easiest way to kill mysef?
How do you find local therapists?
Interact with eachother?
Medication blocks your thoughts but not the anxiety?
Middle back pain desperately need help please?
Has this happened to anyone on antidepressants?
Why is this happening and should it concern me?
Does anyone have experience with luvox (good or bad)?
Why do i have so many phobias that are related to having ocd?
"Is this normal, or do i need antidepressants?"
Is it possible to fall out of love this fast?
My sister needs antidepressants?
Took prozac a mistake?
Quickest way of death?
Do antidepressants work?
Just hopes i'd slip away. to the point: will antidepressants help me?
I feel so depressed i just can't do anything?
"After how long is ""sadness"" thought of as clinical depression?"
Overdose of antidepressants?
Bipolar disorder and antidepressants?
Antidepressants for major depression?
Noticed a horrible cloud of depression. i am wondering if antidepressants will make me feel like my old self again?
Should i try antidepressants?
A worse disease like my mother. should i try antidepressants?
Psychiatrist denied me antidepressants?
Depression getting in the way of gcse revision?
Its called fluoxetine hcl 20 mg anyone no the pros and cons of taking it?
"I am alone in this world, how do i cope?"
Anxiety disorder - constant sick (nervous) feeling in my stomach?
Has this happened to anyone on the pill before?
;m 16 years old & i'm wondering if there are antidepressants i can buy if i'm under 18?
Had anyone experienced depersonalization?
From antidepressants?
"She has been hospitalized, on meds and in therapy for the past few years. still, life doesn't seem worth it. what can we do at this point?"
Thrush on my tongue after tonsillectomy?
"Oral thrush. my question is, should i go to the doctor and get the antifungal meds for this problem or just try the home remedies?"
The skin between my middle toe and my 4th toe has split and become incredibly painful but it's not dry?
Can you explain my thyroid labs and what the endocrinologist might do?
"Have also heard that metronidazole is an antifungal, not an antibiotic. which is it?"
Had unprotected sex and took antibiotic for yeast infection?
Help -- i need to identify a sore on my neck that will not heal?
How to grow back my toenails?
Rash at the bottom of my neck and now it looks weird?
Do i have dandruff or some other skin problem?
External antifungal cream?
Why are my legs so itchy?
I have pimples and i dont know what to do?
Hey i believe i have a ringworm in one spot. i was wondering if nystatin or vagisil maximum strength will treat it?
"Strange red spot on neck, what is it?"
Essential oil to break up scar tissue?
A question for other girls with big boobs.?
"Is this a std, yeast infection, or what?"
What organism is infected by fluconazole?
Spots that wont go away after 6 months! how do i get rid of them?
Should i see a doctor for itching of vulva and perineum?
"Rashes on my chest,back and underarms..?"
Chronic vaginal irritation after sex?
"Azole drugs kill candida, why not sulfamethoxazole?"
 year old eczema or ringworm?
Vaginal rash that hasnt gone away?
Out all sugar should you take manuka honey which is an antifungal or would the sugar in it feed the candida?
Brown rash under breast?
Mold of the rectum. please help!!!!!?
With crack-itis. is this condition very common?
Frustrated with ringworm?
Do i have a uti. or an std.?
Rash that wont go away! help!?
Vaginal rash still here!?
Uti or yeast infection?
Scalp sores and bumps?
Have you used honey on athletes foot?
"If you did, did it work?"
Is my earlobe piercing infected?
What's the best skin care product?
Suggestions for acne solutions?
I recently developed ring worm. any good medicine to cure ?
Anyone know of a natural way or curing thick fungus toenails?
Good cheap acne treatment from the uk?
"Ughhh. how to get rid of acne, blackheads ect.?"
How to stay balanced (prevent yeast infections and bv)?
Natural acne remedies?
I have some thumb issues (missing part of nail and it's quite constantly itchy)?
Lump underneath inner thigh skin?
Itchy feet and ankles after work.?
Breaking out more than usual?
Has tea tree oil cured anyone's acne/blemishes?
I have an personal question i am having what i thought was a yeast infection but now i am not sure.?
How to get rid or acne?
Mum going crazy over blackheads?
Help! my face broke out because of oil massage! =(?
Should i see a doctor about this?
Radiation burns from laptop?
"I have ringworm, help?"
Tea tree oil for acne?
Question about gfs personal issues?
Yeast infection question?
My stomach is always itchy?
I'm turning 14 on saturday! my stomach is suddenly really itchy. is it just because i am growing?
Tear/cut on corner of mouth?
What to do about my acne?
Fungal infection in the mouth. candida?
Can someone identify what is on my back?
"Sore penis, redness and dry skin?"
Help with folliculitis!?
Acrylic nail fungus help?
Vagina help infection?
Pimples and oily skin.?
Pimple like things on vag?
I am 13 girls please help!?
Yeast infection down there?
Hair problem..it's dandruff!!!!!!?
On-going scalp/hair problem!?
Dry & itchy lips - please help!?
About monistat 3 day?
I'm really scared in shaking ?
 what can i do to try and do this?
How to get rid of them what creams?
 does anyone in here experiencing the same thing and would antihistamine help?
What's a good excuse for involuntary shaking of your body?
Otc antihistamines-can i take an extra pill?
Pimple like rash all over body and feeling unwell?
"Antihistamines, mucinex for cough and codeine?"
"Sleeping pills that actually work, desperate?"
My ankle is swollen and itchy?
And irritating my throat. the pharmacist suggested a decongestant/antihistamine combo. now i can't breath!!! any suggestions?
It get worse. any think i can put on to it to stop it?
This pollen is going to kill me! what can i do besides otc medication to avoid being so miserable?
Get rid of a cold over night or in 2 days possible?
What should i use to potentiate vicodin?
Is there such a thing as a dried plant allergy?
"Its driving me insane. i've had it since yesterday and already its annoying me, how do i get rid of it quickly?"
Would it be smart to goto a sugar bush if youre allergic to horses?
Ugh it's stopping and i really don't want to go to school today how can i irritate enough so it continues?
How many hours apart should they be?
Why does my friends nose keep randomly bleeding?
My girlfriend got red spots on face and chest after i cummed on her?
What would happen if i were to take a lot of these?
My teeth are yellow again despite constant brushing two weeks after using crest 3d white strips?
Red bumps appear on the back of my hands and sides of my fingers?
What can i do!! this is driving me insane !!!?
"By a dairy allergy. if it is an allergy, would an antihistamine be better, or a decongestant?"
One of my eyelids has a weird bump on it?
How to get rid of my allergies/cold?
Am i going to be aight?
Unknown eye problem which doctor cannot figure out?
How to stop really bad itching?
Urgently need to speak to a doctor is there any here please?
Quereing microgynon 30 and antihistamines?
I want to passout for the entire flight and wake up when i land. what can do this?
I am having this itchy thing in my skin. what should i do?
Does anyone know what may have caused my sudden allergy to shampoo?
How to get better from sickness fast!!!?
What can you buy in the uk similar to diazipam?
"When i get hot, my head and arms has a prickly&itchy feeling?"
Basically my upper body gets a prickly and itchy sensation when i get hot?
I'm going to break the world record of sneezing under one minute?
Is it a cold or sinus infection?
Blocked right ear and noise pls help?
I think i want to change pill brand?
Kid with nut allergy going to nursary?
Everything i eat or drink tastes salty?
Eczema itchy at night?
Persistent stuffy nose?
Dry skin overnight - now had it for 7 weeks?
Itchy red eyes how to get rid of it?
"Red eye, can't figure out why?"
Redness around mouth and slightly swollen bottom lip :(?
Horrible head cold. please help.?
My eye is red and so itchy.?
Stop scratching my eyes?
Daily contact lenses - right eye blurry?
Does this sound like hodgkin's lymphoma?
Enhanced crb check and suicide attempt?
Urgent medical question on chronic urticaria (chronic hives)?
Swollen eyelid help!?
Allergic reaction to hair dye -- swelling face?
Mosquito bite allergy question?
I haven't had the urge to eat in about a week or so?
Do i seem overly paranoid?
Have i got a cold or allergy?
"I have a skin itching 20years now after taking a shower,my doctor said it was an allergy.so i was frustrated?"
Severe joint pain. jellyfish sting + tick bite?
Allergic reaction to cheap pads?
Swollen lump on neck for months?
Terrified about my holidayhelp?
Cough doing my head in!?
My back is really itchy and my dad says their is nothing on my back?
Oral allergy syndrome help!?
Can i do to be able to eat those foods?
Please help pain in ears for two years!!?
Can you get high on dallergy?
If so is it like codeines?
What to do for food allergy?
My mom has a bump(quite big)on her mouth why is it so?
It's almost 3 in the morning and i can't sleep?
Posion ivy prevention?
Little blood when i sneeze and in my mucus help?
Pain from using hair removal cream.. help?
I need some help please!!!?
Severe itching ruining my life!!?
Chronic mono and itching!?
Lump in my throat and cough and my throat burns. no antihistamines or antibiotics work. is this gerd?
Why is my allergy medicine doing this?
Is this temporary or permanent tinnitus?
I need a serious amswer from a serious male?
I have a question about my nose?
Is this just allergies or what?
Got this spot what is it?
How to cure from it or make it less annoying?
"I am so hot, cannot sleep at all?"
Diphenhydramine recommended dosage?
Cetrizine does not stop hayfever sneezing?
What is causing my allergies?
Throwing up what to do help?
I have had a cold for 3 weeks?
Bad smell coming from my nose?
Am i allergic to tuna?
My throat is always full of mucus?
Why do bugs prefer to bite me over anyone else?
My dog eats red ants and then gets red and bumpy?
Why did gp test for this?
Allergies or just a cold?
Why is my nose stuffy?
"The part under my eye keeps twitching,?"
How often do you moistrize your eczema?
"Common cold, how to cure?"
Is my period on its way?
The best medicine to treat allergies.?
Ears ringing after doing mdma?
Skin flushing on antibiotics?
Am i sick or whats wrong with me?
Am i allergic to nutella ?
Overnight excema treatments?
Im 15 and i have chickenpox?
Anything besides breathe right?
Mild pain in left part of my softpallet.?
Does it have codeine?
My eyes are too watery?
Questions about my nose?
Coughing after exercise?
Why are my legs itching ?
Tickling feeling in throat?
Headache going on day four?
I think i overdosed on dimetapp?
Having coughs and need help!!?
Severely allergic to bees! help?
Terrible sunburn itch?
Help! is this a mosquito bite or worse?
Swelling behind eyes?
Emergency please! - 10 points?
Coughing issue/advice?
I've been told that you should squeeze a lemon into hot water with honey can you just use jiff lemon juice?
Itchy skin in bed at night?
Itchy red throat-any cures?
Alcohol and tiny lumps(hives?
Question about enamel?
"Swelling lips, tingly nose help!?"
"Sore, swollen throat. please help?"
Can my dog take claritin?
Rash with red and purple dots?
Help! i really need help!?
Mixing unisom with nyquil?
Geographical tongue help!!!!!?
What bites are these?
Leg allergy/rash/irritation?
Uvulaitis and swollen tounge?
Woke up with room spinning?
There's pressure on my eyes.?
Insanely horrible allergies?
Hives itch like crazy!!!!!!!?
Treatment for an unknown disease?
Rash/bug bite on leg?
What is this on my leg?
Does vicodin make you itch?
"Search results for """"antihistamine (anti-itching medication)?"
"antihistamine (anti-itching medication)?	""	""Topics_all_specialties_Jun_2013d.xls	antihistamines	http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result?scope=all&category=396545018&fltr=_en&question_status=all&answer_count=any&date_submitted=90&p=antihistamines""&orderby=rank&page=30"
Why do i look fatter but weigh the same?
"4 and had severe chest pressure, sweating, labored breathing, laid flat for 30 min. & it stopped. any ideas?"
How is my fitness plan (kinda long) please give feedback will this work for me?
Is this a good way to get healthy / loose weight?
Coffee or tea for a healthy drink?
Do beets have it too?
Can someone help me with my diet plan?
Im 17 can i take holland and barret hair skin and nails?
I dont know what it is but what ever i do i cant get rid of blackheads around my nose. products?
I wanna try to take vitamin c and d vitamin supplements to help burn fat to see if it works?
What would the benefits and side affects of this diet be?
How to lose thirty pounds of fat and build muscle by december 21st?
Are there any good sypplements to give a 10 week old puppy that has a heart murmur?
What are good foods to eat to avoid these cancers?
How many times should i take tea?
I'm 17 years old. really concerned about health. is it safe to take everyday?
"I've heard good things about olive, argan, coconut, sweet almond, hemp, jojoba, and rose hip oils. which ones are the best for normal skin?"
How can a 14 year old girl lose around 20 pounds within 2 months?
"Help, is there a chance of getting melanoma from this sun exposure?"
How to lose weight before the summer is here?
"Why have some types of antioxidant protein supplementation,such as glutathione peroxidase and sod,suggested to?"
"So my friend is gonna have a pool party, and i need to loss only a few pounds to look good in a bathing suit.. so fast ways guys?"
"Need to loose 12lbs by the end of may, cant work out, advice?"
What is a good way to loose weight?
Give a suitable title for antioxidant activity?
Which pill is better and more effective?
"Talking about vegetables like zucchini, squash, pepper. if i broil them about 10 minutes, will the nutrients be intact?"
"Has any one taken garcinia cambogia lost weight, then stopped using the product and gained it back?"
So in what order should i take these?
My skin gets so oily very oily during the day?
And then my pores gets larger around my nose and face and it looks discusgting i need help . what should i do?
Why am i fat and how can i become skinny?
I drink a lot recently because it stops me getting hungry (i don't like eating). i was wondering what nutritional value it has?
Which one is better at helping you lose weight?
Keep getting colds at least once a month?
Protection against secondhand smoke?
I'm so frustrated with my acne that i want to die?
"I want to lose weight, any tips that can make this happen?"
What would i do to help this girl loose weight?
"My neice is getting chemo treat,emts. she is just 16 years old and feels absolutely wiped for three to four d?"
Ways for a 13 year old girl to lose weight ?
Is there any solutions for my skin problems?
If it is what does it do to u?
"I'm 5'3 1/2 and 195 lbs i'm so ashamed :( my weight needs to come down, i know it will take a while, but my goal weight is 125, does that sound good?"
How do i loose thigh fat?
How much weight can i lose ?
"I'm a teenage boy height 5,7 230 pounds and i wanted to know how much weight can i possibly lose from today until school starts in september ?"
Bodybuilding help!! i have my first comp coming up and now i'm sick!!?
"Oily skin, acne, pimples and blackhead?"
"I'm trying to lose weight, i can lose two pounds one day and then gain it right back. what's happening?"
Ever heard of healthy energy drinks rich in antioxidants?
How can i loose weight?
How do i loose the weight!!!!?
"I mean does it really slow aging and if so, by how much and how do you know this for sure?"
Can i lose 3 pounds per week like this?
Is it erectile dysfunction or normal ?
Do i get bottled green tea or is the green tea bags?
Will it be helping me lose weight as well?
Which fruits out of these choices will benefit me more?
"Im fat, how do i lose weight?"
All of the following dietary factors play a postive role in decreasing cvd except :?
Fish oil breaks me out but not allergic to fish?
Who can i lose weight from my thighs & chest?
Can these foods help you lose weight?
How to lose weight question?
Looking for weight loss/getting healthy help?
"How to lose weight, i'm confused?"
I'm really paranoid about getting lung cancer.?
What helps a bad cold ?
Are these foods okay for my diet?
Vitamin e or coconut oil for a dry face?
What happened to my skin?
What are some of your best ideas on how to loose weight my goal is 150?
" week to lose weight starting monday, need lots of answers?"
Can you help me loose weight?
Can you please make me a very healthy diet plan?
Getting rid of my body fat?
How could i lose a lot of weight in two weeks?
What exercises to do everyday / how long for?
How can i heal faster?
Is it possible for me to become skinny?
Fruits that can help boost ones memory?
So i want to lose some weight and cleanse my body. which one is more effective ?
Hey need some tips about botox?
Really need help forming a workout?
How can i loose weight fast.?
Why are we all suddenly sick?
Does anyone have any experience with diet pills?
I am dieting and i wanna know which foods have less calorie and are tasty?
I always drink grape juice and i wonder if its too much?
How to start eating clean?
I was wondering if there was any way of getting rid of the fat in your arteries?
How long will it take to get in shape?
I'm confused about fish oil?
Somebody help!!! answers urgently?
I want to lose 20-30 maybe 40 pounds as fast as poossible?
I just got back from the pool looking like a tomato lol:p and i kinda have a sun burn! any advice on how to treat it?
nutrient-loading foods?
Does amyone know how to make homemade meal replacement shakes?
I want to lose weight but mom buy unhealthy food.?
How to loose weight :/?
Whats a good why to lose wight?
 year old on a fruitarian diet?
I was wondering cuz my immune system is weak and people told me that it has anti-oxidins tell me please?
Also what's the second and third healthiest kind of bean?
How to lose fat on hips and belly and waist?
How to stop being obese?
Any reviews on acai berry tablets?
"I hate myself, what can i do to make me hate myself less?"
Question about dieting and dark chocolate?
Diets that actually work?
How to lose weight.at all?
What is a healthier snackraw brazil nuts -or- roasted brazil nuts?
Food to help improve my skin?
"Hi, i'm 24 and i've had bad skin for a while now. i get white heads (milia?"
How to lose weight. 17 years old.?
I need help loosing weight before may?
Why do i get colds all the time?
Need a great eating program to boost my metabolism?
Healthy spicy sauces/pastes to use for losing weight ?
Any recipes or products?
I got to lose 5 kg by april the 17th. it's now april the 12th here and i am currently 70kg?
Weight loss advice - calorie reduction and ketones?
I need help with weight loss?
How to get skinny fast!?
"Linseed or flaxseed oil, which one should i get?"
I would like to to which one provides the most nutrients and what works out at better value. would one have less omega than the other?
Why do i keep failing the abc diet?
Space between teeth after cleaning?
Which snack choice is healthier?
How can i loose atleast 20-40 lbs?
Having difficulty losing weight?
Does it speed up your metabolism and help you lose weight?
Clean eating tips and/or recipes?
Do you drink coffee or do you avoid it?
"Do you drink coffee or do you avoid it, how come you drink it?"
What is the best diet?
I need suggestions on a diet for a new mom. what are quick easy and healthy snacks ?
In need of advice on dieting?
"Yuck green drink, whats good about it?"
Do they make your hair shiny and longer because some girls on youtube said that they did?
Supplements: antioxidant v probiotic?
"Please, i have read both of these praised as daqily necessities. is it silly/dangerous to take both together?"
Help! how can i loose weight?
No period but negative pregnancy tests?
Antioxidants protect what in the body?
"Since 8 oz of ""greek"" yogurt has 240 cal and a 12 oz can of soda only has 140, which is better?"
Help i need to loose weight?
Im on a fast give me motivation?
"Acne problems, can you help?"
Need help need to lose weight please help?
Fastest way to lose weight?
Need help losing 20 pounds and suggestions?
"Is this a good skincare routine for oily, acne-prone skin?"
Sinus infection with asthma?
Help 14 year old boy with blackheads problem help!?
How can i lose wieght i haven't done anything!read?
Swelling in left side due to cold?
Best way to lose weight?
Fastest and best way to lose 10 pounds?
"Trying to loose weight, cant lay off the junk food. its freakin hard.?"
I'm 15 going through puberty and i'm trying to lose 40 pounds in 5 months?
Plzz plzz plzz help me out ?
"Trying to lose weight, need some help?"
How to lose belly size?
Am i too young to do insanity?
"Me and my girlfriend both want to do insanity. she's 13 and i'm 14 im 5'11"" 150 and she's 5'3"" 120. is it healthy to do insanity?"
Exfoliator + papaya soad + lotion?
"How to lose weight, im 5'7' and weight 250?"
"I know i am really fat, and it time to face reality, so my question is how to lose weight?"
Does anyone know any weight loss spells?
Question on daily exercise?
Unhealthy/healthy things you tried to lose fat that were super effective?
What do you swear by?
Really dry skin on face?
Please answer this question about diet pills?
Has drinking tea made me loose weight?
Does this sound like a healthy breakfast?
Get rid of a cold fast!!?
Am i doing ok on my diet?
Brain inflammation is cure ?
My dad is know as viral encephatilis patient. 2 day before my dad discharge from hospital but not total fit. his brain inflammation is reduce or not ?
 points please answer right!!!report due tommorrow?
Facts on these fruits?
"If i have dry skin on my nose only, and oily skin around the rest of my t zone?"
Lipozin pills or acai berry?
Very sticky&hard mucus in nose?
Acai and blood pressure?
Help transform my body the quickest way possible. reward if anyone can help. have competition in september?
"Need help, trying to get healthy!! best answer gets 10points.?"
I need lose weight in a natural way!!!?
So what foods help keep it booasted?
My homemade skin care routine?
What's best way clear acne?
"New healthy life style, siet and daily exercise routine.?"
I need to lose weight please help!!?
I need to lose 36 lbs fast! but how?
"Hi,i'm a 14 year old teen girl, 5' 1."" is this a healthy breakfast?"
Best multivitamin for me?
So upset & confused please help me!?
"Blackheads everywhere,including boobs?"
Healthy question number 4?
Gyno problem to my wife?
"Help, i have really oily skin?"
"I heard blotting papers work, but is there a way you can make them?"
My son has alot of blackheads why?
"Is my testosterone level ""normal""?"
I need to lose 90 lbs?
How to weight reduce?
Foods that kill belly fat?
Questin about blackheads?
Confused on my skin type a little help?
Why are my veins so big.?
Could i get glaucoma?
Weight loss tip/advice?
Need loosing weight tips?
Over weight neeed help bad?
Need help with weight loss?
I'm 5'2 and 140 lbs am i fat?
Overweight teen.. can you help?
So i have a question on a diet pill?
Acai fat burn #3 does it really work?
How to lose weight . i go to the gym 5 days a week eat healthy?
Can't stick to a diet?
Need a good healthy diet plan! help please#'?
Small pimples after acne?
Swelling on left side of neck below jaw causes?
Psychiatrist gives antipsychotics to paranormal film maker?
"How can i sue and prove that i was,say,""secretly"" injected with antipsychotics?"
Can weening off antipsychotics do this?
Appear randomly. he asked me to ask if weening i antipsychotics can cause psychotic symptoms?
Is anyone inhere a mother and doing antipsychotic drugs?
Do you deal with being a mother or father and doing antipsychotics?
"I fear my antipsychotic will stop working, will it?"
I understand the initial amount of days. but can the treatment effects last about 4-5 months after stopping taking them?
"I mean, why don't they fully disclose the fact that these medications cause tardive dyskinesia and diabetes?"
Why do people lie about the reasons why people don't take antipsychotics?
"Happy, helps depression and motivation etc.. can someone tell me if antipsychotics are safe?"
Heart rate is 113bpm what the hell?
Hi i am under intense surveillance and suffer from mind control and was just wondering how does the world overcome mind control?
Antipsychotics are making me become psychotic?
Can anyone explain this to me?
Or any psychotropic med for that matter?
Any experience with medication for borderline personality disorder?
Why do i want to die?
I'm on an anti-psychotic and i feel sort of dulled out?
What kind of disorder is this?
Mental illness question?
Bipolar is a fake illness?
Self-harming and suicidal daughter - please advise.?
Heal my heart or mind?
Is this depression or not?
Need help with ssri medications!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Is schziophrenic fake!?
Is this a symptom of depression?
Not receptive to meds. schizoaffective/ borderline personality disorder?
Why am i still feeling so anxious?
Question about antipsychotics?
Antipsychotics helped me?
I want to shoot everyone in my school?
Has anyone had experience of the medication risperidone?
I think im dead and dont know what to do?
"I don't feel like myself, i need help?"
Seroquel during the day?
The doctor prescribed my boyfriend to take seroquel before bed and at breakfast. why would he want him to take it in the morning?
Weight gain and seroquel xr?
Could ability cause this?
Feel weak and stiff.?
Seroquel please answer! urgent!?
What is the overdose amount on seroquel?
Abuse and antisocial behaviour?
Which causes me a lot of resent towards my life and family could antisocial behaviour be neurological or even genetic?
Could i have a mental illness?
Anyone else hate having to hide all their issues/unable to get support from family?
Could i be having antisocial behavior?
Why do i like getting into trouble?
Do i have antisocial personality disorder?
Can be/have been passed on without completely passing on full-fledged antisocial personality disorder; is there somewhat of a spectrum?
Why do i feel attracted towards these sorts of people?
"I have antisocial personality disorder, ocd, narcissistic personality disorder, and histrionic per?"
";t there certain types of mental illness (like bipolar, schizophrenia, and antisocial personality disorder) that are risk factors for violence?"
What happens when a person with antisocial personality disorder get charged with assault?
I think i have antisocial personality disorder.?
I like to use my kindness to get what i want from my parents. mental health question?
Famous people who are psychopaths or have antisocial personality disorder?
Are some people better off not going for therapy?
How can i know more about sociopaths?
Can you give me some websites that could help me?
Asap what should i do about my pathologically lying mother?
Is there a better rehab than a famous rehab clinic?
I'm obsessed with serial killers?
Cannabis and personality disorders?
Obsession with drawing violent things?
And then say he deserves to be executed?
"I was sexually abused as a kid, by my older brother.?"
I think i have antisocial personality disorder?
What personality disorder is this?
I think i may be turning into a serial killer.?
Why can't i feel emotions properly?
"Am i sociopath, incapable of love?"
Be/have been passed on without completely passing on full-fledged antisocial personality disorder; is there somewhat of a spectrum?
And the brain fog goes away?
Antivert and antibotics safe to take together?
"Has anyone experienced vertigo. if so, how do/did you deal with it?"
Why do i feel dizzy all the time ?
Diarrhoea and vomiting help! in so much pain?
"To any m.d.s out there, my mother has vertigo episodes.f?"
"Just got diagnosed with herpes, antiviral question?"
Would you date someone with herpes or genital warts?
Why vaccines not drug to stop the problem?
Why with virus they go for vaccines not drug to stop the problem?
Since it's an antiviral?
What virus/bacteria infection does this sound like?
Is there any way of getting rid of them fast?
Is it possible to get from just the vaginal fluids?
I have a friend who is hiv+ and he was telling me about his blood work he told me he was undetectable?
I do not know much about hiv but what does undetectable mean?
Is the worst of the initial outbreak over?
Was this unforgivable or should she be forgiven?
If your girlfriend told you she had an incurable std after the first time you slept together would you leave her?
Has anyone ever dating someone with herpes and not gotten it?
Where can i go in orange county to be treated for herpes?
Allopathy has no cure ayurveda is vague qand not practical. what about homeopathy?
I have weird bumps on my legs & butt?
Can someone help me with an 'anti-acne' diet plan?
Can someone provide me with a diet plan that will make your skin glow and just clear?
To let it cool. after it cooled i started putting it on my face and it burned my skin off my cheek. what do i do?
I have acne on my face on chicks nd chin how to rid of?
Does magic johnson have hiv or aids?
Is aids common in ireland?
If someone was diagnosed with it how long in 2013 would it be till they die?
Anus burns and a tiny bit of blood coming out?
"From other places in the body, but if they're inside/outside of the anus would they be technically called a hemorrhoidectomy?"
Today that if you're homosexual (which i am) then you need to have a hymen in your anusi put my finger up there and it just went right through?
Is it possible to put your penis to your anus?
Is it possivle to get skin bags around your anus?
What happens when a guy inserts his penis into his own anus?
Does he get an orgasm in both his penis and his anus?
What is seriously going on with my anus?
Pimple at my anus that keeps opening when i poop?
"During masturbation my stomach, anus and penis hurt a lot, is this normal?"
"Ejaculation (i am 13), but is it supposed to hurt a lot in my anus, stomach and penis area?"
Boil by my testicles on my thigh near my anus?
The chances of absorbing that unmethylated compound through the anus into the bloodstream?
M only 5'1-5'2 ish and have little leg hair but i have hair around my anus. will my armpit hair take long to grow?
Anus burns and little more above the anus itself itches a lot sometimes.?
"Asking on behalf of a friend, discharge some times bloody from anus?"
"Had blood in it today, and she feels pressure pain in her anus?"
Take alongside it to help with the symptoms?
Constipation and bump on anus please answer?
What are the chances that i have tapeworms?
Thigh but i still have hair in the area in between my testicles and my anus that i dont know how to shave. how do i go about shaving this hair?
"Can you answer these questions about hymens, vaginas and vaginal tags?"
"Hymen, the clitoris, the vagina, the pubes, vaginal tags, the urethra and the anus?"
Why do i have such large bowel movements?
"The toilet. it's not really painful, but it does stretch my anus out a bit. could too much fiber be causing that?"
How do i torture and inflict pain upon myself?
Is this hemorrhoids and do they go away?
Why are some things that feel good so gross?
Wrong. the medicine given to soften my stools and lubricate the anus didn't help at all. what could be the problem?
Muscle tightening spasms in anus and vagina. very sharp feel like knife being stabbed up there?
What are these white bumps near my anys and vagina?
Why is my anus a blue colour?
"Are fine, no blood. i have noticed recently that my anus is blue:/ i gathered this isn't normal..what could it be?"
What is wrong with my bowel movements?
I have intense itching in my gluteal cleft and anus but i just noticed its shedding like dandruff if i itch it?
Hi i am a 18 year old boy and i am having issues?
Even positive it's constipation but i've had abdominal pain and my anus hurts when i try to poop at least. advice?
"And on my leg a little, they are also on my gooch and around my anus, i have never i sex before so what are they?"
What's the small red bump on my anus?
"The hemorrhoid slowly went away but my problem is i still have a lump on my anus, does anyone know what i should do?"
Burning and bleeding slightly on the bit between anus and vagina.?
"The outer lips together at the bottom (closest to my anus), is this my hymen?"
Pain in anus that radiates into groin?
"With hemorrhoids which would explain the pain in the rectum/anus, but why would it be hurting in my groin/base of my penis?"
I am having trouble going to the toilet?
What is causing itchy anus?
What is this lump on my anus?
Why does it hurt for me to use the restroom?
When i poo i get a shocking pain in my anus and stomach?
How can i shave my pubic hair and make my vagina look better?
Rid of the hair around the lips and folds of my vagina and towards my anus?
Really painful lump right outside of anus?
", but is it normal for there to be blood coming out of the anus and not the hemmaroid and for it to be dark red and some clots?"
Lord help me that was the worst crap of my life?
Itchy and hurts when i walk?
What kind of cream or homemade remedy can you rub on your.?
Today i noticed i had a smallish like pea sized bump on my anus?
Will my anus ever return to normal?
Should i be worried or is this normal bodily behaviors?
"I have lumps around my genitals, what is it?"
Bonus question: would those people eventually evolve out of having an anus because all of their nutrients are water soluble?
Why is there blood with my poop?
If feels like a hurricane comes out the hole of me anus?
I have imperforate anus and theres things i want to do in my life?
Do i have hemoroids because i feel like i do?
I need help wih a certain issues about anus infection?
What kind of doctor should i see?
"What shall i do in this situation, what to believe?"
Why is my anus incredibly itchy ?
Is my hymen broken and is this the right hole?
"It feels like it is going backwards, like, towards my anus. is that normal, or should it go up?"
"I have a few medical conditions, and was wondering if someone could help me cure them if possible?"
It feels like their is something in my anus?
I am bloated and i have a soft lump on my anus.?
"Lump is not painful. and it is soft. it's right on my anus, and going inside. hemorrhoid?"
What is wrong with my perineum/anus?
Water pouring out of a bottle. what can help stop this?
I go only use the bathroom with hot water?
Shooting pain when try to go number two?
I sit down and try to go i experience shooting pain up my anus?
Small pea sized lump right under vagina but above the anus hole.?
Closed itchy bumps between anus and penis?
My boyfriend ripped the inside of my vagina?
My anus iches and when i poop white stuff would be rapedd on it. what is it?
Itch between my balls and anus?
What is this bump on my anus?
It's not really red. it's on the outside of my anus.what is it?
What is the bump inside my vagina?
There is a lump on my anus?
I found a lump in the skin close to my vaginal lip.?
"Hemorrhoids (how long do they last, or is this normal?"
What doctor shold i ask about this ?
I have doubt of kidney problem or having kidney stones. please do respond immediately.?
Bump on anus hole please help?
Why can i not empty my bowel?
I have a problem if i talk to a doctor can they tell my dad.?
Soft bubble like growth on outside of anus?
How can i tell if i worms?
Is my hemorrohoid thrombosed?
If a cucumber was forcefully inserted would i be able to stop it with the sheer power of my sphincter?
Much much water or salt do i mix for a perfect enema to inject into my anus?
"How do i get my cell phone,remote,headphones,screw driver and tennis ball out of my anus?"
Dont ask how or why it was a very tragic mistake and i now regret it. how do i get these objects out safely?
I got my boil drained a couple of hours ago & when i changed the gauze it started bleeding again?
What are these red specks in stool?
Well i went to the doctor today about my chest. they recommend a pill that is ment for girls.?
Ok this looks like a bump within my anus?
Always itchy and painful ?
Petition to starve the morbidly obese?
"There seems to be a cut, above my anus?"
Does sea water enter your anus?
I feel something moving around by my butt?
Itchy red bumps around anus and vagina?
Possible blister on the inner part of labia?
Why does the remote control feel so good in my anus when im jerking it?
Does this sound like herpes or a yeast infection?
Low back pain and oily orange discharge from anus?
"Okay me and my boyfriend had protected sex, twice. and after both times, during intercourse it started hurtin?"
Hard to pass stool and anus bleeding?
Why is my anus so itchy?
"Pain when pooing, blood in poo and small lump on anus?"
"Sore painful bump in between tail bone and anus, mostly on the left cheek!?"
Is this hemorrhoids or something else?
"Do i have a yeast infection, or could it be something else?"
A small purple bump on the the anus?
If the end of it would be sticking outside of the body will it still function normally?
"(warning - disgusting) undigested food in stool, painful anus, what could this be?"
Constipated for a week and now i have a haemorrhoid?
"Lots of hair on my raphe, anus, and scrotum?"
Raphe. i even noticed that i have a lot of hair around my anus. is this normal?
What stage of puberty am i in?
Weird cramps while on my period?
Huge bowel movement stretch out my anus?
"Why do i feel like strangling people or hurting people, even the ones i love for no reason?"
Is everything down there alright ?
There is a sharp pain in my *** right in my anus. i know it's nasty but it hurts so what is it?
Is there anything i can do for it?
Will my anus ever return to its normal size?
Is it a parasite or rotten luck?
"Small bump around anus, no pain, no bleeding.?"
I am a 15 yr old male and the doctors have discovered a uterus in my anus should i be ashamed?
I have a pimple between my vagina and anus?
Lumps on my vagina and anus?
Why is her anus purple?
What hole in your vagina does your period blood come out of?
What are and why do people get hemorrhoids?
My question is i have 2 little weird holes around my anus?
Pain at anus time of toilet?
"I have a small, slightly painful, bump near my anus.?"
At 19 years old when will i hit puberty and grow taller?
How do i get chocolate out of my butt?
Health issue regarding the anus area?
Anus hurts & minor bleeding from medicine?
"For two days now, my anus would felt scratched roughly after i poop. i wipe my butt and i see blood on the toilet paper..?"
Possible yeast infection in anal region?
"Say medication you take causes severe constipation, but you take that med everyday. therefore keeping the constipation there, could that kill you?"
"So, here's my predicament. all dr. google says is herpes are it's scaring me! what's wrong with me?"
"Itchy groin only at night, help please?"
My anus is really itchy?
"Itchy anus, how to get rid of it?"
How do i get help/started?
I cut my anus shaving will it be ok?
Inflammation and bump right below my vagina?
I know its common but what causes that?
Sharp pain in my lower stomach?
Itchy anus when on your period?
Do i have a hemorrhoid and/or a kidney infection?
The mirror and it looked like there are bumps on my anus!! what are they?
Why is my anus bleeding?
Area to the left of my navel hurts after eating?
"Right after i used it, i got a bad bladder infection. did the enema cause it?"
Does the body hold on to poop until we eat something else?
Is it possible that my 7 year old cousin started her period?
Anus feels like its suffocating?
Anus not as tight after intensive diarrhea?
I have to go to a physical exam (male) and need some some advise?
Say on the internet that the dr. will have to stick a finger in my anus.. is this true?
Is it possible that i have an std?
Blisters around anus ?
"Wide & painful stools, and swollen anus area?"
S 2) is it possible i have another pilonidal sinus/cyst in front of the anus or is it probably an absess or just swollen from pressure?
Woke up last night by painful anus?
What is this bump by my genital area?
Anal fluid leaking at random times?
Anus problem i am having what is it?
Is this a bad case of food poisoning?
What is something strange your doctor has told you?
Pea size lump inside anus help?
This may sound a little disturbing but i need some help!?
"I'm not sure how long i've had it, but it's been acting up the past two months (about?"
What is the best way to masturbation?
Do men have hair on their butt cheeks?
I got a mighty bean stuck in my butt?
"Leaking, itchy anus, what could it be?"
Sore anus after diarrhea ?
What's up with my poison oak rash?
Can anybody help diagnose my symptoms.. what is wrong with my vagina!?
Small painful bumps near anus?
Why does my below my anus hurt?
Today i went to school got home played basketball then then started like burning why?
"I wiped *** and found blood on the tissue, i want to know if it could mean anything serious?"
Itchy bumps near vagina anus?
"So embarassed and worried! painful if i sit down, some sort of pus?"
"Etc.), especially because, wouldn't rape seriously psychically harm a 5 year old male's crudely put, anus?"
My butt has a odor to it?
Sharp small numbing pains round my anus ..?
Anus bleeding problem?
Anus has redness around it?
What is gonorreah my friend is affected with that?
"Anal bleeding, feeling like i about to throw up, rashes appearing all over body, weight gain..?"
I ask this a few time and im still very anxious about hiv?
"Why am i bleeding when i go the toilet, should i believe the doctor?"
How many days can i skip pooping?
"Sometimes they smell like tomatos, or rotten eggs, etc. how do farts choose their special odor?"
Girl had a third hole behind anus?
Help i have a bar of soap stuck up my back passage!?
A new sexual thrill and in the heat of the moment slipped a bar of soap up my anus and it wont come back out. what can i do?
Pain at tip of anus ?
"Serious anus problem i have ,help?"
Itchy anus.. please help?
Help. object stuck in anus?
"My anus hurts,there's a lump?"
Strange multicolored lumps on my anus?
Inflammation of vaginal lip with protruding lump?
Why am i bleeding from my anus?
Could this be a hemmorhiod?
Coin sized bump on my anus hole.?
Or is your enitre boxer region contagious and shedding ?
"Experiencing severe bowel disorder with no known cause, want help?"
Why does my butt crack itch?
Itchy anus that cant be heal?
Small lump near my anus?
Anus bleeding alot today?
Is my penis supposed to be where my anus is supposed to be?
Problem with my anus?
Why do i bleed when i poop?
Pain in right hamstring after using toilet?
Purple bump in anus (serious question)?
Its about my anus please?
Do boys start growing facial hair at 13?
Is there any kind of surgery needed for this problem?
My anus has been burning?
Sharp pain in vagina and anus?
Intense stinging around anus?
Pimple or something in anus?
Very itchy anus everyday?
"Embarrassing but, i feel like i might have herpes?"
Blisters around my anus?
Irritation around my anus?
Medical issue. on my anus.. yeah help!!!!!?
Painful lump on anus?
Why does it hurt her vagina?
 and sometimes when we're having sex the skin between her vadge and anus hurts. i always use lube. what else could be the problem?
Weird skin tag in my anus (urgent!)?
Red burning/itchy rash around my anus.?
Very itchy anus 24/7?
White bumps around anus?
Sore anus strange issue.?
Is this hemorrhoids - what should i do?
Something blocking my anus?
How can i make masturbation better?
Pimple near anus area?
How do i know the length of my penis?
Gooch pain after masturbating?
Spots on anus..help..?
Medical problem.. on my anus. help!!?
Spots around anus..help.?
If i have anxiety and asthma what kind of inhaler should i get to help with the asthma but not make the anxiet?
Any suggestions to help my problem?
"I hear ""voice"" but they're my own?"
Do i have an anxiety disorder?
What happens when you go for an anxiety diagnosis?
What did you do to get over your anxiety and depression?
Why did you have anxiety and depression in the first place?
Experiencing depression/anxiety symptoms for longer than39;s hormonal or chemical/brain (depression/anxiety) based or both?
I may have anxiety. i get nervous when it's about to sleep. how do i get rod of anxiety at noght for i can sleep?
I've had social anxiety since i was in grade 6 dueit or help me avoid getting anxiety attacks in class?
How long it takes to overcome anxiety and panic attacks?
You down. is it the same with other medication?
"What happened if there is a miracle pills or technique to get rid of anxiety, depression, social anxiety?"
How do i tell my teacher i have anxiety?
I have anxiety but i find most symptoms easy to cope with except nausea that can be taken to treat nausea for anxiety?
Doctor in a few days. my question is if it's possible to take anxiety medication with a mood stabilizer?
"Bipolar disorder different from generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder?"
My bestfriend has had anxiety attacks and high blood pressure all week?
What is your experience with natural medicine for anxiety ?
"To have tons of anxiety, but it's calmed down throughthat you have used to overcome anxiety in a natural way?"
 i also eat well and healthily. is it a good idea for anxiety/mild depression?
Hard. is there anything i can do to help me last another 2 months without relying on coffee to reduce my depression and anxiety?
Should i go see my doctor or is this just effects of anxiety?
How do you tell a parent about your anxiety?
Anyone have tips on how to stop having bad anxiety and hypochondria?
I take medication or should i go to therapy?
Why most of the people have anxiety?
Think i might have developed a bad case of anxiety or depression has anyone ever taken hydroxyzine?
Has anyone ever suffered from depression or anxiety and over came them with medicine or any other type of therapy?
"The extra burst of energy helps my social anxiety, while if i am tired i have more social anxiety. how does that work?"
"When i feel my heart bouncing against my chest, is it anxiety?"
"The other day it can be really, really bad. just very uncomfortable. is this anxiety?"
Should i take magnesium pills?
Anxiety and panic attacks are controlling my life?
How do i tell my parents i have anxiety?
Have god in my life. are there any other ways to help overcome anxiety and panic attacks that you can share with me?
If my mom has anxiety could there be a possibility i do too?
Dealing with social anxiety since i was 16(i the process of curing social anxiety like?
Has anyone gotten disability for anxiety and depression in ct?
How to stay calm before a speech?
Going to see a psychologist about social anxiety?
Can you be an independant person with anxiety?
"Good one, they always ask for money. i want a good step-by-step guide to eliminate anxiety disorder from my life. can anyone recommend a good guide?"
How can i overcome social anxiety because of these reasons?
"Relieve this horrible nervousness, sadness, and anxiety?"
Just wondered if anyone had experience helping their anxiety and/or depression without therapy?
Extend of gettin loved ones in trouble?
How to show no social anxiety infront of family?
Compulsive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder ?
"I've been feeling depressed, but i really don't feel sad anymore, really i'm happy. i just have this anxiety?"
 what type of strategies do you use to cope with your anxiety and depression?
"Pharmacy medication to help with anxiety, concentration and memory?"
Has anyone experienced anxiety after going off birth control?
Wanting to go to the doctor for anxiety medication?
Girl. alright so i got anxiety about 8 months ago then depression come it or will i always have depression and anxiety?
Can someone tell me if this is an anxiety attack?
"As a follow up question, what exactly shouldn't someone with anxiety disorder do?"
If you all believed in taking pills for insomnia and anxiety and if you recommend them?
Why do i get anxiety attacks?
In with him and for the past 3 months i have had anxiety could that be why?
Is high school and social anxiety a bad combination?
"So, is it better to not take anxiety and depression medicine, if you chose to drink, smoke weed?"
Can i quailify for disability for for depression and anxiety?
Has anyone else suffered anxiety right before they got diagnosed with mono?
Isn't high school the worst place to have social anxiety?
Does anyone else get anxiety attacks from weed?
"Until they get back to me, is it ok to do so?"
Anyone taken zoloft to treat social anxiety?
Has anyone gone through cbt therapy for anxiety?
I suffer from depression and anxiety. i'm 18 years old and 'm just using my depression and anxiety as an excuse?
Do you hate it when people try to be social outcasts/fake social anxiety?
Has anyone noticed a relation between social anxiety and appearance?
I get anxiety attacks often but don't do anything?
Can stress and anxiety cause this symptoms?
Can anxiety programmes sold on the internet cure anxiety and panic?
Weak in the knees and shaky feeling anxiety?
Gonna faint and that brought all my symptoms back.is this anxiety?
Looking for an online forum on dealing with depression and anxiety through exercise.?
"This homework is giving me anxiety and making me suicidal, what should i do?"
"To lose some weight off my stomach, arms, and legs. do they have anxiety medications that make you lose weight?"
At a certain age did your hangovers cause anxiety?
Does anyone know any of these psychiatrist in the fort worth area who help with anxiety?
"If this dissorder can be passed on by other dissorders, anxiety for example?"
How to deal with this anxiety?
"Can anxiety, stress and depression cause these symptoms?"
Have noticed the connection between the fears a child and these anxieties. could this be the case with me?
Quick i need an answer on how to fall asleep after an anxiety attack and heart burn?
"I think i already know the answer, but can you die from anxiety?"
How can i eat more (have anxiety issues)?
I am us i have anxiety but i was wondering if you ca have anxiety without being worried?
I had a horrible anxiety attack earlier?
Now:/ anyone else experienced this before?
Charles linden says he can cure anxiety if i buy his programme?
He wants 150 bucks in return for telling me how i can cure my anxiety what do you think?
Does anyone else get really bad anxiety at night ?
I'm feeling stressed and been having mini anxiety attacks for the past couple of months?
"I'm calm and confident, but anyone out there using seredyn to treat anxiety?"
How do u get sleep with anxiety?
Of like a nervous feeling. are these normal symptoms of anxiety?
Anxiety has me up at night the last few nights?
How to answer 'what have you been up to' when you have social anxiety?
Bad anxiety when reading aloud in class?
Is this an anxiety attack or something else?
"'m about to either scream/cry, or jump out of my skin?"
How do i stop my anxiety?
Anxiety meds that have worked good for you?
My friends while im on it. what have you used for good anti anxiety meds?
About it and my mental health specialist is saying for me to have anxiety medication to the doctor. is this going to lift my mood?
 years old how can i get medical weed for severe anxiety?
How to help my friend(with anxiety disorder)?
Is this a sign of an anxiety disorder?
Do you think i have depression or anxiety?
Should i let people know i have anxiety and depression?
Anxiety has been really bad last few nights?
Anxiety and lethargic and symptoms upon waking?
Anxiety med that helps with weight loss?
Is this what happens with anxiety disorders?
I'm 14 years old and have bad anxiety and am a hypcontract how can i get rid if my anxiety without medication ?
Most of all. how can i bring myself to actually finish what i start and actually do things in my life?
Unless i spike my blood levels with candy. could it be because of anxiety and stress?
Was this an anxiety attack or should i see a doctor?
", i assumed she was wrong and it was just some anxiety attack, should i see a doctor?"
Really bad anxiety about going on a class trip- please help?
If someone has anxiety could gettting a job help?
How do i get a long term doctors note?
Questions about retina tears & detachments!?
Have any suggestions on what to say or do when she has an anxiety attack or there's a thunderstorm?
How can you tell if your having an anxiety attack?
One more question. are panic and anxiety attacks the same?
The first day. i am about to cry and i am having really bad anxiety attacks. can i go to the doctor and get something for it?
No period. can someone please tell me if its just an effect of the anxiety attack or what?
Anxiety attacks for no reason out of the blue?
To a few minuets they wont this bad like what just happened?
Work is giving me unbearable anxiety attacks?
Everywhere. what should i do to calm my mind and stop the anxiety attacks so i can finally live my life?
When will my dr realize it's something more serious the just a anxiety attack?
Whats it like seeing a psychiatrist and what should i say?
Breathing in paper bag for anxiety attack?
Do anyone cause a scene when having an anxiety attack?
Why did i wake up and start crying?
Is this severe depression or something worse?
Is it depression or it is only trauma of depression which i faced recently?
Panic attack and anxiety attack?
Can someone give me some advice regarding my new job?
Is this enough to prove my heart is fine?
How can i get back into the swing of things?
Is this something i should be worried about?
Was shakey and need to know if i need sugar and how to get it fast?
Did i have a seizure or just a really bad anxiety attack?
Have been having anxiety attacks for like a year now. startedhave a seizure or just and really bad anxiety attack?
"Nightmares , feeling like i cant breathe, wake up to anxiety attack?"
Why have i woken up in such a strange way?
On the internet and can't find my symptoms! was it an anxiety attack?
An i having a heart attack or anxiety attack?
Shaking. was i having a heart attack?
Have you ever had an anxiety attack before?
Caffeine. what was your experience like when you get an anxiety attack?
Why do i feel so weird after the concert?
Do you think my daughter could be having persecutory delusions ?
Question about the best diets for hypoglycemia and what is best to eat as a snack before bed?
What kind of seizures am i having?
Why do i always shut down mentally?
I cant sleep if my boyfriend is already sleeping next to me?
Im now starting to see yellow sperm cell shape lines on well light white walls paper etc?
How to hide cuts on my leg?
"Do people feel weird like, unreal sort of, detacthed which causes alot of doubt and anxiety panic attacks?"
Get this feeling at all?
Are these symptoms of an anxiety attack?
I think i might have had an anxiety attack?
Just wait it out for about 20 minutes. did i experience a panic/ anxiety attack?
Random high fever then had a glass of water and it went down?
Help talking to girls if you have social anxiety?
Could it be a heart attack or an anxiety attack?
How can i improve my life?
I am going through withdrawal from (paxil ) 10 mg. april 6 2013.how long does the withdrawal take?
Do i have a borderline personality disorder?
How to kill yourself painlessly?
I don't have any friends so i decided to go to the mall by myself and i had a panic attack?
And worrieswhich cause me to have panic attacks / anxiety attackswhich then send me into depressions ?
I want to make myself throw up after eating?
Sick so that i can do this without having any more anxiety attacks or break downs?
How to stop anxiety attacks?
Why do i still feel like i have alcohol in my system?
Can i go to sleep or will i just freak out?
I keep having weird pain from smoking weed?
Does anyone know if this is any kind of medical condition?
Im going to highschool next year and i have really bad anxiety?
Ways to calm anxiety attacks?
Does anyone have any ways they use to take away from there anxiety attacks?
Do i have anxiety or something more serious?
I'm so concerned about others it's ruining my life?
Is there something mentally wrong with my sister?
Can someone please help me with my issues?
And can you stop it once you know that it's starting?
My social anxiety and depression have took my life?
Why do i feel so shaky and weak?
Not feeling like myself after a panic attack?
I got high today for the first time on an empty stomach?
I got high for the first time today on an empty stomach.?
Like everyone hates me. i also under extreme stress i can have anxiety attacks. do i have a personality disorder?
What are some differences?
Low diastolic pressure when lying down?
I lay down its from 95-99/49-59. is this normal?
Why am i so prone to getting anxiety attacks?
 i don't know what this could be and i'm having anxiety attacks from worry. any ideas?
Should i tell my mum i think i have anxiety?
Did i have a mini anxiety attack?
Anyone know if this was anything bad?
How to calm down anxiety?
"Left side upper back pain by shoulder blade and into left side ribs, also chest pain?"
I wake up with anxiety attacks?
I am in knoxville tn just moved here from cali a month ago. can someone recommend a good doctor?
Why do i have unexplained pain?
Did i just have an anxiety attack ?
But i held them back. could this have possible been an anxiety attack ?
I am very depressed because of life?
A bad anxiety attack or something more serious?
I'm on my period and really stressed out and a little depressed?
Could i have had a mild anxiety attack?
"My body feels light, kind of like theirs nothing in it?"
"Wanna go to the doctor for nothinganyways i did have an anxiety attack the other day, could it be related to that?"
Cure vomiting due to anxiety around boys?
Anxiety attacks! i need some ways to prevent and to stop them please :)?
Anxiety with no anxiety attack?
Anxiety atyack..is it possible to jave anxiett without having an anxiety attack especy in a social setting or am i just..i dont know different?
Tingling sensation in scalp and face?
What should i tell my maths teacher?
Overdosing can trigger anxiety attacks?
Whats the difference?
Pain in my shoulder and down my arm?
In any certain direction. what is this?
Should i even be doing gym class?
Constant empty feel to stomach and nausea?
I get anxiety attacks in the middle of the night?
What will the doc prescribe me?
Attacks of extreme muscle weakness throughout entire body?
Why is my son having this anxiety attack?
Is this a normal side effect for migraine pills?
Can't figure out what happen to me that night?
" i went to the doctor and he ruled it out as an anxiety attack. but, i wasn't anxious about anything?"
Depressed about anxiety attack in dentists office?
Do you think if i seek help from a psychiatrist it would help?
Did i have an anxiety attack ?
Do i get these sometimes. what is this?
I feel like such a burden on everybody?
"Read: i have anxiety, says my psychiatrist, but she wont tell me how bad it is?"
Stop breathing right as i fall asleep lately?
How do you know when your having an anxiety attack?
I feel like i'm going to explode from anxiety?
Soreness in legs but no working out?
Could i have been molested as a child?
Anxiety/panic attacks are stopping me from doing things?
Was extremely terrified. did i have an anxiety attack?
What happened to me when i was running?
Shaking pretty bad after that ( im prone to anxiety attacks) and my head hurt. what happened to me?
Has my anxiety disorder developed bulimia?
Do i have a anxiety disorder?
Anxiety attack during class?
Anxiety caused by people trying to help?
"Why do i always want more diseases, mental illnesses?"
What is an anxiety attack?
In my childhood that caused crazy stress. are these anxiety attacks?
How should i fix this?
Low blood pressure associated with eating problems?
I was half asleep in a dream and my heart beat was too fast?
As to what it may be?
"Sudden bouts of depression, what might be the cause?"
Unable to sleep (been up for over 24 hours and not even tired)?
Rapid heartbeat that comes and goes?
I have not been diagnosed but could i have an eating disorder?
Mental illness from being baby sited?
What is causing my chest pain?
Recent epilepsy diagnosis and prescribed keppra?
My brother just doesn't understand what it's like?
Do i have panic or anxiety attacks?
I get nervous about school and it stops me from sleeping on sundays.?
Depression and anxiety attacks?
Anxiety attacks out of nowhere?
Which are pretty bad today. what's causing my random anxiety attacks and how can i stop them?
Why do i mostly get anxity attacks around my best friend and brother?
I'd like to know if what i experienced was an anxiety attack?
I think i have anxiety or pstd help?
For a bit i calmed down. could this have been an anxiety attack?
Was i having a anxiety attack?
Tight feeling in chest and fast heart rate?
Having frequent anxiety attack?
I need help because i get anxiety attacks and panic attack?
Did i have a panic attack/anxiety attack?
 i also do have depression. so did i have an anxiety attack or a panic attack or something?
Im a fresh college graduate and i have been having constant anxiety attacks?
Have an upcoming appointment to see if i will really be diagnosed with depression. so did i really have an anxiety attack?
Apologizing for an anxiety attack?
I used to cutt now im hitting others?
"I want to work, but i have anxiety. what can i do?"
Anxiety/fear of working should i apply for social security disability?
Why can't i take a deep breath in sometimes?
Is it ok to take xanax when this happens?
Is it an anxiety attack?
Why do i feel so empty?
Common anxiety attacks?
"I got serve social phobia and mom is ""making"" me talk to her friends?"
Anxiety attacks and sleeplessness?
I feel like i want to run away from my life?
Is this general or social anxiety?
Could something be in the air?
Why do i feel like this and is it possible?
I get really down every other day and i can't explain why?
What shall i do to get better?
Am i over dramatic or just depressed?
I'm almost 10 weeks pregnant with severe anxiety attacks.?
Why do i keep having anxiety attacks?
Anyone suffer from anxiety attacks?
"Nightmares, visions, anxiety attacks?"
Panic and anxiety attacks?
"My friend thinks i lost my mind, should i answer phone calls from her?"
Minor anxiety attacks - what to do?
"Deep breaths and that helped, was it an anxiety attack?"
Was i having an anxiety attack?
Nauseous. i sat there for a few minutes until all the feelings went away. did i have an anxiety attack?
Why is my neck randomly getting very stiff right now?
Sounds are perfect. am i having anxiety attacks?
Did iron man 3 cause anyone else anxiety?
There isn't a history of it in my family; could it possibly have been anxiety attacks?
Seeing a therapist for the first time?
Panic attacks or something more sinister?
Do these sound like personality disorder traits?
Is this because of stress and anxiety?
"Can't get on meds, i'm going to kill myself?"
Do i have anxiety or social anxiety?
Why do i keep shaking and struggle to find my breathe?
How should i respond to this mental health advise..?
Did i just have a panic attack?
And i felt like i couldn't breath. this lasted for like 5-10 minutes. was i having a panic/anxiety attack?
Why have i fainted this morning ?
Do i suffer from anxiety attacks?
"Really scary. i'm not sure what it was, was it an anxiety attack?"
Why is my left arm throbbing?
Hot again and started sweating. is this a panic attack or anxiety attack or anything or is it just a one off thing?
Getting weird anxiety attacks?
Question about anxiety attacks. please please answer?
I need some help with anxiety attacks please!?
Am i suffering from panic/anxiety attacks?
That i hve start taking minor behaviors seriouslynd i also think about them.am i suffering from anxiety attacks?
What to do about anxiety?
I get super depressed before my period?
"I keep having panic/anxiety attacks, i've noticed i get them atleast once an hour.?"
Do i have a mental health issue?
I need someone to listen and not judge.?
Should i be on anxiety medication?
Why do i have shortness of breath?
Have shortness of breath?
Why am i shaking uncontrollably?
;t know what's happening. am i having an anxiety attack?
"Minor anxiety attacks - what to do""?"
Do i need to see a counsellor?
I can't get an answer and i really need help?
Over my grades and other things too. i had one anxiety attack 2 years ago what should i do?
Am i having a heart attack or panic attack?
Are these symptons of anxiety or have i got an underlying illness?
Overally depressed about my size. can someone give me lots of information and answer lot?
And i get butterflies in my stomach and cannot sleep. is this anxiety attacks?
Cold from knee down after tendon opperation?
Stop breathing right as i fall asleep?
Why do i get shortness of breath?
Feel guilty when i miss school because all of the work. what is an anxiety attack anyways?
Why do i feel nauseous after eating?
Am i having anxiety attacks?
"Have. when i have these episode things, are they anxiety attacks?"
What is it i am suffering from?
I had an anxiety attack at 15?
Is this a anxiety attack?
Am i having a anxiety attack?
"To have anxiety attacks a lot, but it these anxiety attacks?"
What should my next step be?
Is this an anxiety attack?
Why do i cry so easily?
 year old girl with severe depression?
Am i taking anxiety attacks?
I'm not depressed but i've been self harming?
Always get anxiety attacks. why?
I'm going in a school trip on wednesday!?
Anxiety attacks help please?
Did i just have a anxiety attack!?
"Gotten passed all that), so could this be an anxiety attack?"
Acting. can amitriptyline possibly be more effective to chronic anxiety control?
"I need an over counter anxiety control medicine, know any?"
Terrified i have thyroid cancer help?
"Chest pain, am i dying ?"
Am *worrying *freaking out how do people with an anxiety disorder cultivate healthy relationships?
Jobs for people with social anxiety disorder?
Is this a usual thing or part of my anxiety disorder?
What kind of anxiety disorder do i have?
And i feel like i can no longer make it through the day. what kind of anxiety disorder do i have?
Your experience with natural medicine for anxiety ?
How should i start my conversation with my doctor?
Medication the difference between life and death?
Medication for a social anxiety disorder?
Do i have a social anxiety disorder?
People walking behind me. when i do i walk funny :/ am i just really shy or do i have a social anxiety disorder?
I think i have a general anxiety disorder?
"I had before i even knew about this anxiety disorder, what do you think?"
";m always pigging out on junk food all day. so back to my question, can anxiety disorder make you have loss of appetite and restless sleep?"
"Can't get to the doctor until monday, can someone please help diagnose these symptoms?"
Getting my mom to take me to the hospital for suicidal thoughts?
How to admit to a hospital for severe depression (planning suicide)?
Does this sound like it would be an anxiety disorder ?
To wear the next day or something dumb like that. would this be considered anxiety disorder?
Why does this happen now that i have anxiety disorders?
"Adults with social anxiety disorder, medication or no?"
"With disorders involving the nervous system like tourettes, anxiety disorders, etc.?"
My period is a week late but not pregnant?
"With stress, i just lost my nana though i don't know her, i have anxiety disorder/depression myself. could it be stress?"
Diseases that cause other diseases or an excess of problems?
How do i enjoy life again?
How to admitt to hospital for depression/suicide planning?
Or does it only cause dull aches?
What mainly causes anxiety disorders?
All anxiety disorders?
Why would my nurse ask me to withold information?
Will the nhs cover a cosmetic surgery if it is causing mental distress?
Which mental ill you have & drug you are taking for your condition?
"If i'm not holding something (lighter, car keys, phone, etc), i become frantic. i have anxiety disorder. help?"
Which mental ill is these and how to deal with it ?
Almost fainting when an sensetive subject is brought up?
Do i have an anxiety disorder or am i just a little anxious?
What can my gp do about my impending doom?
What mental condition does my brother have?
Girlfriend feels absent and gone from my life! can depersonalization/anxiety cause this feeling?
Within the pill give a person hiv?
Can someone please tell me what this sleep disorder could be?
Feel so mentally different over night. what has happened to me?
Idea what it might be?
"Eczema, allergies, sinus problems, acid reflux, ibs, and general anxiety disorder. could my father's drug use tie into my health issues?"
Not sure if i have an anxiety disorder or not?
"Why do i do this, is it like to do with my anxiety or something different?"
I have just took a test for anxiety disorder with my symptoms i have had for nearly 10 year?
When i'm with people i feel anxious and when all alone i feel depressed?
"Hydrosis, is it possible i have that?"
Why or does this happen during anxiety disorders?
Do you think it would be considered generalized anxiety disorder or performance anxiety?
Particular antidepressant that you prefer?
Is it carbon monoxide or just my anxiety?
A question: for those suffering from social anxiety disorder?
Always get lightheaded and shirt of breath late at night.?
My mom goes out of her way to make me feel stupid and alone?
"Is lexapro safe, what are your experiences?"
There something i can/should do?
My psychiatrist does not believe in anxiety?
"Constantly feeling faint, tired, and a little dizzy?"
How can i clam myseft down?
Why do all the therapists i see always ask me this?
How did treating your anxiety disorder help make your life better?
What was the treatement?
"It pretty much stops me from doing anything romantic or social, what can i do aside from counselling and meds?"
Does this happen when you have anxiety?
My social anxiety is ruining my life?
Nervous feelings in my stomach for no reason. do i have an anxiety disorder?
Why do i feel so empty inside?
Anxiety racing random thoughts when trying to sleep help?
I hate waking up in the morning?
Do i have social anxiety and can it be fixed?
Can you tell me what anxiety disorder- obssesive thoughts are?
Why do i have symptoms for so many disorders?
Do i have a problem that i need to fix?
Why am i cursed with mental illness?
What is happening to me ?
Admitting to hospital for severe depression?
A question about severe anxiety disorder?
To check on them. is that what happens over here?
Is there something wrong with me or am i just overreacting?
Why does my girlfriend put up with me?
A girl broke my heart now i have social anxiety disorder?
Need help with anxiety disorders?
Am i having panic attacks from social anxiety?
Is this a symptom of an anxiety disorder?
Waking up feeling really hot and drenched in sweat all over?
I think i may have a personality disorder?
Help with living with someone with anxiety disorders.?
The end result of generalized anxiety disorder is the impairment of one's ability to enjoy life.?
Bipolar questions should i get help quick?
Is this weird way to express anxiety?
Is it possible that i have an anxiety disorder/attack ?
Can anyone help me for tomorrow?
Has anyone ever tried serolyn natural calm for anxiety?
What do you think i should do about my life?
Why am i so weak and lightheaded?
I have social anxiety disorder?
"Am i ok, anxiety disorder, ocd, health problems.?"
Do i have social anxiety disorder?
Such as this one www.online-therapy.com?
How can i get rid of these diagnoses?
"Multiple mental health disorders, all getting worse?"
Why are so people on tumblr so obsessed with depression and social anxiety disorder?
I have an anxiety disorder and i'm going to the dentist?
Is it ok to skip school to get mental help?
Anxiety disorders and depression?
Random throbbing pain throughout my body?
I suffer with a few anxiety disorders but i need a job.?
"Is this paranoid schizophrenia signs, please help?"
I don't know weather i said my thoughts or i thought it?
Why does the sun drain me out so much?
Why would this person do this when i was driving?
Im 15 and have an anxiety disorder so im worried about me tweakin a bit when the clamps are put on ?
Dont feel strong enough to deal with possibility of moving before senior year?
Quick fixes to eliminate nerves (less than 24hrs)?
Do i have some sort of anxiety disorder?
Would this make the teens depression worse?
Why do i want to learn everything all of a sudden?
How do you deal with stress?
My boyfriend gets angry over board games?
Social anxiety disorder or generalized anxiety disoder?
Is heart disease rare at my age?
When does anxiety become serious?
Effect on pills on your body?
"Awful feeling. my question is do i have social anxiety disorder, or is it some type of autism?"
;m in these situations. so do i have an anxiety disorder?
I do i deal with an anxiety disorder?
Anyone had success using cbt for the treatment of social anxiety disorder?
I dont know what to do anymore help ?
Maybe i don't want to improve my life?
How do i get over my fear?
Advice from any fellow anxiety sufferers?
Is there a phobia of thinking your thoughts will actually happen?
Why do i feel like i have no emotions?
Anxiety disorder question?
Dealng with a somatization disorder: introducing it to you employer?
I worry too much; is this perhaps anxiety?
Possible panic attack causing twitches and shudders?
Do i have a social disorder?
"Not being able to control body movement, mental disorder?"
I think i have an anxiety disorder?
Does this sound like an anxiety disorder?
Suddenly get really tired at some point during the day?
Do i have a problem with anxiety?
Cry sometimes because of them. do i have an anxiety disorder?
What might be wrong with the guy i have a crush on?
Is it normal to shake everyday all day?
What makes a person feeling tired when get old?
"I take vitamin, eat well, sleep well, still feeling tired sometimes. you know the real cause for tiredness?"
Anxiety disorder and stress and depression?
Do i have some kind of anxiety disorder?
Is this normal when you lose weight?
Does anyone know of any good supporting pyschiatrist in houton texas that will support that im applying 4 ssi?
Anxiety disorder plus back pain all over?
Do i have an anxiety disorder/paranoia schizophrenia?
"Hey, i was wondering if i have an anxiety disorder or paranoia or even schizophrenia?"
Whats the point in me living?
Should i be worried about my symptoms of anxiety?
Could i have depression or sad ( social anxiety disorder )?
(10 points for the best answer) is this normal or what?
Why does caffeine have such a bad effect on me?
Why am i so awfully paranoid?
Do i have an anxiety disorder/ depression?
Inflammation in my blood work! what is this?
"Think that i have a social anxiety disorder, how do i deal?"
Every time i leave my house i'm scared of what people think or me and how they look at me. what do i do ?
Should i be medicated for anxiety?
What the hell is wrong with me!?
"I feel like a weird person sometimes (couldnt be more honest, read description)?"
Why do i feel certain physical symptoms at various times in the evening and night?
Magnesium supplement usage question for anxiety?
Question about anxiety/depression meds?
Short term anxiety relief meds?
One time anxiety relief?
Straight to the point. do you think it is okay to have a drink(alcohol) to prevent anxiety?
Anybody heard of effexor?
How do i get out of this?
"Birth control, nausea vomiting after eating, is she pregnant?"
"You think she has some sort of food poisoning or anxiety symptoms, or is she possibly pregnant?"
Or could it be something else?
"It feels like it's real and actually happening and i get anxiety symptoms (heart racing, sweating). is this normal?"
Should i tell my employer i have ocd?
What are some natural ways to get rid of some symptoms of depression and anxe?
Always thinking somethings wrong with me?
Why does my stomach drop everytime i think of this?
Arm stings/slight pain in forearm when twisted/ other weird feelings?
"What do you do when your anxiety is that severe, that no form of prescription medication can help?"
Hi my name is lucy does anyone know why someone would lie to the extend of gettin loved ones in trouble?
I really don't want to do group therapy help?
"I am a 14 year old male, and recently i have been feeling a lot of stress from my home and school life.?"
Are stress supplements good do they really work?
Is my depressing situation ruining my health?
Im having chest and back cramps every time i breath?
Could it be due to anxiety?
Having a pretty serious anxiety?
I know this is a really embrassing topic?
Do i have anxiety or anxiety symptoms?
Is this anxiety symptoms?
Coping strategies for stress and anxiety?
Anxiety and heart or chest pain?
How can i sleep better?
M always trying to figure out what's wrong with me. please help me. does this just sound like anxiety symptoms?
Am i experiencing panic attacks or just anxiety?
Why do i get stressed out like this?
Going to the doctors with depression?
I keep on shaking and i'm nervous for no reason?
Im too young to take anxiety medication?
Whats wrong with me anxiety problem?
How to relieve anxiety?
What should i do if i'm depressed but my mom won't listen to me?
Do i have lyme disease or stress?
Writeing am i stress and anxious or serious illness?
I think i have anxiety?
Magnesium oxide and calcium can eat together i hve depression and ocd?
Something natural to take for anxiety/focusing?
Do i have really bad anxiety?
I don't know what is wrong with me?
Does this sound like a hypochondriac ?
Going to the doctor for depression?
Eating can trigger my anxiety?
Help please!! am i having a heart attack?
Mind-numbing anxiety?
Just need some advice?
Anxiety lump in throat?
Wellbutrin for depression and anxiety?
My heart feels funny help!!!?
"Prozac issues, please help?"
Wellbutrin or other anti depressants/anti anxiety?
"Anxiety, help please?"
And panic attacks out of nowhere?
Do you think i have a throat tumor!?
What could this vibration feeling be?
Help with really bad anxiety please?
Techniques to help with anxiety?
Depression and anxiety please help me?
Do i need to take medication for anxiety?
Im going on medection today for anextiey will i be a changed boy im a teen?
Found some clonidines and i researched them and i was wanting a second opinion?
Did i just have an anxiety attack?
I need my anxiety to stop?
"I'm 13 and feel like i have way to much stress, what do i do to relieve myself?"
Are they any over the counter anxiety meds or herbs?
I have most of the symptoms of depression. what now?
How to relieve stress !?
I think i have anxiety is this normal?
Help please) do i have bad anxiety or something else?
Someone please help me with my anxiety issues.?
I'm feeling nervous for no reason and i'm on meds?
Panic attack or anxiety symptoms?
What to do when im stressed out?
"Anxiety depression sad failing alone help me please read;,,( i need help?"
Should i go to a walk in clinic?
I feel like everything in life is pointless and everyone around me sufferers.?
How do i calm myself down?
Are these anxiety symptoms?
Is this normal after a blood test?
Anxiety symptom i need advice with?
Anxiety symptoms normal?
How to calm down asap!?
I have really bad depression?
Is there any simple ways to make the day better?
Anxiety symptoms or no?
Help please!! stomach + anxiety symptoms?
"Is this stress, anxiety or depression?"
Social anxiety symptoms?
Multiple sclerosis fear/anxiety/symptoms?
Whats going on with my heart?
Big anxiety problem please answer?
How to stop worrying?
Has anyone ever been turned down for a job because for taking anti depressants ?
Is this an anxiety symptom?
So i can sleep better at nights?
Heart palipatations and anxiety?
I think i have anxiety disorder?
Should i go to the doctors about this?
I am 14 stressed and feel like i'm ready to break.?
"When i'm nervous, my stomach feels weird.?"
You know that feeling when you like someone and your stomach gets butterflies?
"Failing school because of depression, read more.?"
Do i have anxiety or what do i have?
Will someone please help/give me advice?
Was i having a panic attack?
"I think im depressed, is this depression?"
Getting rid of anxiety?
"Peeing a lot, hungry more often, anxious, and tired?"
I'm falling into a slight deppression?
I need advice for my anxiety?
What does depression cause ?
Question about constant dizziness?
Do i need anxiety medication?
Anti depressants - sertraline - cold symptoms?
Help with constant anxiety?
I'm worried about getting reye's disease?
I have anxiety issues.. help?
Ibs and anxious please help?
Need help lowering stress levels?
Ways to relieve stress?
Shaking linked with anxiety?
Does anyone have panic attacks?
Is this heart disease?
I have severe anxiety so please don't freak me outbut i am really worried about this!?
Basic symptoms of anxiety?
Is this a panic attack?
Toilet routine is controlling my life!?
Anxiety is ruining my life?
I have been worrying a lot lately!?
Help! headaches and racing heart?
Does anyone else stress like i do?
Do i really have anxiety?
Am i not well or is it just anxiety?
Should i take anti- depressants?
Am i sick because of stress?
Separation anxiety; depression?
Do i have anxiety attacks?
Is this test anxiety?
Instant anti-anxiety medication?
"Lightheadedness, weakness, depression and suicide?"
Need help with my anxiety problem!?
Do i have anxiety/anxiety attacks?
Is this because of stress?
I think i'm a hyprochondriac?
"Anxiety, everything feels unreal?"
I've been asleep for the past 5 years.?
Anxiety - - - stomach pains?
Help! do i have anxiety?
Could i be depressed?
I need help with my depperesion.?
"Please help, don't know what to do?"
Stress and anxiety - need help?
Anxiety about working. please help?
My head suddenly got weird?
Can't breathe. anxiety?
"Panic attacks, normal?"
Are my panic attacks normal?
Panic attack possibly?
So stressed out. help!?
Worst anxitey attack ever!! please help?
"Light chest pain, and anxiety.?"
Don't know what to do?
I'm anxious and nervous for no reason !!!?
I get so nervous i get sick.?
Can somebody please help me?
I'm having more attacks?
I hate my life i wanna die so bad?
Teenage health problem! help?
Im really mad!i have stress!?
I think i have depression?
To reduce anxiety in teenage males?
;m so tired of constantly not doing what i need to do because i get anxious over it. has anyone else felt this way?
Many years another symptom i really suffer with most days is obsessive anxious thoughts / worries most days ?
Or fear of going crazy things like that?
Orgasm. why would that be and what could be the solution so they don't feel anxious and tense?
Constant burping after eating or when anxious?
Have you ever felt so anxious that you became nauseous?
"You don't have anxiety, will anti anxiety medication make you more nervous/anxious?"
How can i graduate when dealing with my disorder?
What is this and how to avoid it in the future?
"And having things very near my eye. is there any way to be less anxious during an exam, like drinking a beer or two before hand?"
Apparently the stomach wall seems to be thicker. we are so anxious. does that mean cancer?
Do you feel a constant need to be somewhere other than home?
Do you overreact to things before your menstrual cycle?
Make it through without help of stimulants?
How do i calm my mind down like other people?
How can i stop my head ruining my life?
Sickly bored and miserable with my life but scared to take risks to change?
There anything i can do to stop the need to urinate when i'm anxious?
How does a australain attending physician(specialist or consultant) get paid?
Would i be paid basic salary ?
How can i tell my mom i need to go to the hospital?
How do i know if im not on any drugs?
The counter medications i can get?
How long would i have to stay in a mental hospital for?
And depression when you really don't have it?
To help it. is there another way i can deal with it?
How to get her to relax and orgasm?
What goes on at a typical appointment?
I have to go to a psychiatric evaluation?
Should be able to avoid it. what should i do?
Why do you get nauseous on your period?
What causes these psychological symptoms?
Am i bipolar or just anxious and depressed?
Is happening to me since 3 days. i am so nervous. is these panic attack symptom ?
Jaw clenching problem ever since i had a major panic attack?
What diagnosis or mental problem is this?
Why am i so anxious all the time?
More that 3 hours without food. so how will it turnout?
How can i change/ be happier?
I feel really weird after drinking a lotttt last night?
Is my boss a bully or am i being too sensitive?
Of the roof of my mouth should i be worried?
"Than my real age and have my teeth and exercise. i do feel fatigue, grouchy and anxious sometimes but i am also well past menopause so what gives?"
How do you know not get constipated when traveling?
Work best for you if you had to take more than 1 dose ?
"Can someone give me some advice regarding my job, school and social life?"
Have a light yellow discharge but no bad smell whats going on?
In their stride. i wish i could be more like that. i feel anxious. any suggestions?
Can i get crowns on the nhs and how much are they?
"When i increase my medication, does this make me depressed?"
", once i'm there i feel much better but still abit anxious, what is this ?"
"Cannot sleep due to anxiety and stress, loss of a loved one.?"
What symptoms do you get with your period?
Has anyone ever used nicotine patches and how long did you smoke prior to them?
I am stressed about seeing a parent in the hospital?
And it really stunk. i assume it was heroin now i'm anxious that it may be in me and effect me some how?
The reasons and how do i increase the chances?
Anyone who is recovering or a recovered addict. after your doctor or psych doctor decided?
 lumps in my armpit plus patches of rashes what can i expect?
You are dispatched to a church for a person in respiratory distress.?
You have a personal experience could you tell me how you got out of it?
"Still feel it, i feel. normal. i don't feel as anxious as before. why is this?"
Does this sound like a nervous break down to you?
Why do i feel different than i used to be?
Why do i act differently around people?
What kind of mental illness does this describe?
Cause this like of chest discomfort?
How do i know if im not high or on any illegal drug?
To boost my mood but i am afraid it might do the opposite and make me feel more anxious. should i try coffee or something else?
How to believe what i tell myself?
Am i the only one who suffers this while hungover?
Christians: what do you think of going to therapy?
What is the average penis size for a 16 year old in the uk?
Is this too unusual to get an erection when i am around her?
 i think she might know it too. it makes me anxious. help?
Be symptoms of high blood-pressure ?
I feel depressed the week before/during my period?
Why do i get panicky out of nowhere ?
How can i fix this mental health problem?
Anxiety issues if assuming an answer to something?
Is this a mental illness or part of my personality?
"Night, which is perfectly fine. but why is it that i become anxious so easily?"
Why do i get mouth ulcers before i go on holiday?
Do i have body dysmorphic disorder and what do i do to treat it?
Am i bipolar or just depressed enough to take my own life?
Boyfriend has been feeling odd lately?
Why is my depression and anxiety coming back?
Doubting myself as a student mental health nurse?
"Why once motivated job seeker is scared to death now to go out and find a job.no job,no support from husband:(?"
It feels like i dont even have hocd sometimes?
Am i the only one who has the bad habit of rubbing and playing with my earlobe?
"This. i usually rubb or twiddle my earlobe when i am angry, tired or anxious. i cannot stop it. am i the only one who does this?"
Is there a cure for anxiety like some tell me there is?
Can i lose weight by only eating healthy foods?
Why do i get bad anxiety when ever i come back to reality?
Why were my hands shaking so much?
What is social anxiety?
I think my parents are trying to get me sectioned?
How to cope with this anxiety during exams (10 pointer most helpful answer)?
Magnesium citrate making me more anxious?
Homeopathic to calm me down before flying?
Really bad anxiety over last couple of days?
Why am i so anxious right now?
Is there any eating disorder with these symptoms?
How do i stop over thinking and stressing (read this)..10 points?
Implantation bleeding similar to this?
I cannot stop thinking about suicide?
Milky vaginal discharge and inflamed uterus walls?
It's hard to sleep and i get very anxious.?
My heart races and i feel out of breath?
Why am i having homosexual thoughts when i am straight?
I want to be happy but no one lets me?
My anxiety is making my life a living hell?
Why am i so depressed and anxious all the time?
"How to remove stains,dark circles?"
Why do i feel this way after stopping oxybutynin?
Far i've taken this medicine for a month and now i am extremely moody and anxious after stopping it completely. why is this?
That the fear of having an anxiety attack in turn makes someone more anxious?
Could this be why i feel so anxious?
Is this normal having problems with anxiety and have a tight chest and back?
How to use dumbbells at gym alone?
What does this mean - psychiatrist terminology?
"Cant get any sleep, feeling paranoid and anxious?"
"Hi, im bipolar and i felt a sex drive when i was manic and when i started wellbutrin.?"
Do you think i should stop watching my favorite sports teams play?
I keep getting a lot of headaches?
How much is a ct scan?
Really anxious about first date please help?
Should i go to the doctor for this?
"My brother says whatever it is, it is taking over my life, what do you think?"
Is it likely that i suffer from anxiety?
This year i got almost everything i ever wanted however im so afraid of losing it all i cant enjoy it?
Do you think i would benefit from counselling?
Is this sleep paralysis or something else?
Should i go to a doctor for these symptoms?
Would this drink contain caffeine?
Social anxiety teen girl?
Random nervous feeling?
Do i suffer from anxiety?
Anxiety is getting worse ?
Symptom advice / need advice?
I need help controling me anxiety! help?
Emotional abuse- being the sufferer should you help the abuser?
Social anxiety at work?
"Please help, i need some advice, should i go to a therapist?"
How to face my anxiety?
Scared about going to bed?
"I slipped up with anger a bit outside, any help?"
Anxiety coming back or diet issues?
" year old boy, anxiety help?"
 year old boy. anxiety help?
I think i may be killing myself slowly somehowplease help?
Should i be taking zoloft?
Non-sedative treatment for anxiety?
Xanaxshould i take it?
Anxious about being anxious?
What do you see on lsd?
Than i could naturally become on my own if it wasnt for the meds and anxiousness?
 mg of prednisone a day?
Question for a dude about stress and erections?
Capacity that you would have without all the stress and stuff?
Hello everyone and how are you all keeping?
Me the size i would get without all the stress and meds and anxiousness?
Do i have an eating disorder or just bad mentality?
Stomach. i also find it very hard to put on weight and wondered if the anxiousness was making me lose weight?
Do i have schizophrenia or bipolar?
I feel like i've been depressed for over 3 years now?
Does it sound like i have an eating disorder or something else wrong mentally?
"Immediately after i use the restroom, i feel like i still need to go pee, why?"
Waking up crying in the night?
What to do about blood?
"And now i'm just very nervous. i'm in no pain, expect for the anxiousness. how do i talk to my mom about it?"
Heart problems at 14?
Pain and discomfort at 14?
I really need some help on a question. dr's nurses.?
What kinda drug does these effects ?
 borderline cardiac size atheromatous aorta. what's the best thing that she can do?
Can you work in the cia with aortic narrowing?
"If someone rips their heart out with their bare hands, how much will it hurt?"
"Their bare hands, and ripped it out with brute force, severing the aorta, and pulmonary artery. how much would they suffer before they died?"
Is there a name for what i have?
What is the cause of my chest pains?
Cardiac patient becomes a neurology patient?
My brother has a rare heart disease but i can't remember it's name?
Blood vessels which carry blood to the heart are..?
Is you pulse in your stomach normal?
Like if i have the bottom of the computer pressing on my chest would that do it?
How long until you would bleed to death?
In what order does blood flow through the heart/body?
Wo baby with heart murmur and cold sweats?
Doctor said my heart was more to the left side of the body than a regular heart should be so it was crooked. should i be worried?
Origin that has caused a narrowing of the vessel just below the aorta?
"My stomach has got bigger and harder, but i'm a virgin?"
Vessels carrying oxygenated blood from the body to the right atrium?
"Spreedog, or denise, my father-in-law has stage 4 cancer?"
Abdomen gurgle sound and sudden severe vertigo?
Is my heart beating through my chest?
Whats my heart condition?
What does it feel like to get stabbed?
"What happens if the stab wound is deep, and where would the most blood loss occur if a person gets stabbed?"
Can you interpret my ecg?
Confused. is this normal or not?
've read it's normal but iv also read it could be an abdominal aorta anurisym. anyone else have this happen?
How do i die without pain?
"When tracing the path of blood, the blood vessel that follows the renal artery is the?"
Main branches of aorta?
My is my belly moveing and im not pregnet?
High systolic low diastolic blood pressure?
Do i have aortic dissection?
I have a medical problem don't know?
Pressure and cramping in stomach?
Stomach beating like a heart beat?
Pulsating in abdomen?
Types of blood vessels?
Chambers of frog heart?
Could i have marfan's syndrome?
Need yalls input!!!!!!?
For a life threatening illness?
Which hospital in tamilnadu ayurvedic herbal treatment for bicuspid aortic valve stenosis problem?
Cannot sleep due to shortness of breath?
My grandmother had a very complicated open heart surgery?
Electrocardiogram shows one high amplitude r wave?
Increased aortic cusp separation meaning?
Whatdoes a heart sound represented by lubb-duppshhh represent?
 so i wonder if i should follow up regarding my aortic scerosis?
Can you go to west point if you have an aortic problem?
Law enforcement student with a heart condition?
My friends husband just had a stent placed in his aortic valve because of an?
"I had an echo test and this is the result , what does this mean please explain in details?"
Dilated left heart and reduced lv function. generalized lv hypokinesia diastolic dysfunction?
Below is my fathers echocardiography report. please suggest?
Aortic stenosis bicuspid?
"My son has bicuspid, will this be medically inadmissible to canada?"
"My son has bicuspid and he is 16 years, will this be medically inadmissible to canada?"
What does it mean to be healthy?
Homeopathic medicines for calcified aortic valve/ aortic stenosis?
Do i have an aortic anyeurism?
Question regarding heart problems and substances.?
My 15 year old son has aortic stenosis and needs surgery?
"Does it have side effects and plus i want my fiance to use this tablet, she has fat on her body so does it harmful for her or not?"
Overexertion and insanity workout?
"Heart problems, shortened life?"
Would these doctors remove the thyroid tumor and not the aortic tumor. is it because the aorta is risky?
Please answer about marfan syndrome?
Pain in left side of chest?
The gym today if i kept the weights low?
Is this ever going to stop?
Need someone with knowledge of a rare heart disorder :(..?
So i get this like flutter in my chest and i get shortness of breathe i been to er so many times they do?
Four valves in the heart and its location?
What is the heart beat of the human being?
Negative feedback in breathing?
I have no clue what it is. its in my belly right under my belly button but more to the left slightly. what could this be?
I'm a dancer so i was always in really good shape i haven't danced in a while so maybe i'm just out of shape?
Do i have a high blood pressure ?
My heart beats fast a lot.?
Blood preassure 94 over 82?
What category does that fall in?
Please help i'm really afraid?
Separation. i know a decreased aortic cusp separation is indicative of aortic stenosis but what about an increased separation?
"I want to start the paleolithic diet, but not lose weight?"
What do you think is a good diet for building more gains?
I have acne scars all over my back :( how to get rid ?
Why do humans have hands instead of hooves or paws?
"What male animals, like humans, have prostate glands?"
Foot fetish is driving me nuts?
Girls only.. why am i so hairy?
Isn't nature (or even god) telling us indirectly not to mess with it?
Should i shave my body hair and with what anwsers?
Any suggestions for a good shaver?
Why do women hate excessive body hair?
My mom won't quit smoking?
Why can't my girlfriend orgasm?
Athlete - wax or shave?
Tonsillitis emergency?
Why are guys bugging me to let them take my viginity?
Why am i bieng so obsessive and can't get over this?
"Does anyone know an evil or ""dark"" themed disease?"
Does this look like a good day of eating?
List two functions of the colon?
Hiv from eating monkey meat?
I dont understand hiv?
"I realize its an std, but doesn't that mean it would have to have started off somewhere?"
Shave my legs hair or not?
Tips on not breaking my diet.?
What is the quickest way i can get an mri scan in ontario?
Does anyone family members have progressive aphasia?
What's the quickest way to die?
Did i suffer from aphasia?
Language reception and expression issues?
What is the condition called.?
Any emotion toward the object?
Problem with my talking?
What on earth is wrong with me?
Aphasia-- treatments effectiveness and why.?
Of the treatment listed below which do you think if the most effective and why?
"Wake up, can't speak?"
Mom has had it for a couple days and it's very painful. any ideas?
Bubbles on my tounge?
When was the first bone marrow transplant preformed?
Low blood count conditions?
What is the cause of these?
Should i go this far for a sleep test for sleep apnea?
Should my mom be afraid of going to sleep?
Issues in my throat and also causing me to have sleep apnea and snoring. what do i do?
Do i have nocturia or drink too much or is it my apnea?
Cool. i also pee twice before i sleep so..?
Feel like a jolt right before i fall asleep?
I always had problems with breathing and concentration i was wondering if its possible that i have?
"Severe sleep problems, do i have chronic insomnia?"
Any idea what my problems might be?
To sleep! is a deviated septum related to sleep apnea in any way?
How much could i lose?
What is happening to my grandfather?
Can i get a sleep study recommendation from a walk in clinic?
"Any of these known to have ill effects on sleep apnea (it seems the most prevalent problem, if i do have it)?"
How much is it for a nasal endoscopy?
"And eventually wake up. something along the lines of sleep apnea, right..?"
So that's possibly not an option. what could it be?
Houston sleep apnea specialist?
Can anyone tell me if i really need a sleep apnea houston specialist?
Is my mum going through the menopause?
"Thrashing around at night, unrestful sleep?"
Weird feeling in legs at night?
Believe the tale about sleep paralysis and incubus?
Keep waking up every hour or two?
Would sleep apnea make u dizzy?
How long does it take for someone to lose 60 lbs?
How do i get my father to take me seriously?
Im asking this cuz aunt got drunk and past out. shes snoring like crazy lolso does thatmean shes sleeping wonderful?
Sleep apnea and sleep study?
To pressure 12. does this mean for sure that i have sleep apnea?
Sleep apnea - desert living?
How should i respond?
Need some serious advice about my weight?
Sleep apnea sleep study question?
Pressure of 12. my question is does this mean i do have sleep apnea or are all studies like this?
Making really weird noise while sleeping?
But have yet to find anything related to this. i know it's not sleep apnea.. any ideas?
I think i have both hypersomnia and insomnia?
Sleep apnea question- help?
Gaining weight + oversleeping/lack of sleep + fatigue = alarming?
Boyfriend gained alot of weight since we got together?
I have a speech about sleeping but it has to be 4 minutes and its only 2 how do i make it longer?
"Waking up in the middle of the night,cant breathe?"
Does everyone have to get them removed at some point in their life?
I have a lot of medical issuesjust in general & people call me a hypochondriac?
Does anyone have cpap stomach bloating?
Does anyone else suffer with this sleeping disorder?
Weird reaction to magnesium?
Boyfriend gained a lot of weight since we've been together?
About kidney and heart discease?
I think i have restless leg syndrome?
"Fasst answer please: is this the reason people have badvision, marfan syndrom, eds etc?"
I constantly hold my breath without realizing?
Boyfriend gained a lot of weight?
Why am i hurting myself in my sleep?
My ear and stomach hurt so bad!?
Office to possibly get sent home. what do i do?
What sleep disorder is this?
Is it possible i could be pregnant?
Woke up with bad head pain?
Basic nutrition questions?
Cpap: full face mask ear blockage?
"I am worried, do i have cancer?"
Woke up gasping for air?
Help!! i need to lose weight?
Will obama care help with my jaw problem?
I need help so bad in soooo much pain!!!!?
Sleeping stop breathing wake up what to do or how to sleep better position?
Shoulder pain and anxiety?
'falling asleep' while driving?
"To anyone, or does this seem ridiculous?"
I need help please help me!?
Cannot figure out what is wrong with me?
I stop breathing at night sometimes?
Why do i get headaches in the morning?
My brother keeps on losing breath quite often during sleep.?
"Cause for narcolepsy, sleep apnea, spinal stenosis & rhuematoid arthritis in upper back/neck, skin burning?"
Why can't i breathe through my nose?
Why am i so tired all of the time?
"Could this be mild depression, bipolar disorder, or some kind of anxiety or anything else?"
"Dear all , if you were once sleepless, how did you solve your sleep disorder?"
Why cant i be well rested?
If i'm overweight do i have to lose weight?
Waking up with breathing problems?
Should i undergo gastric bypass surgery?
Why am i always oversleeping?
Do i have sleep apnea?
What are the consequences of the lack of sleep?
Do you have sleep apnea?
"If yes, what's your symptoms?"
Could i have sleep apnea?
Stopping breathing while falling to sleep?
Hi is the anybody experiencing the same problem or no what the cause of it is?
Bipartite patella i have mild irregularity?
I can't sleep flat on my back?
Why do i always feel tired?
Why can't i blow my nose?
Why do i sleep so much?
What happened to me today?
What is wrong with my dad?
I'm confused at what's making me hallucinate?
Please answer!!!! why do i move around so much while asleep?
Diet and exercise advice?
I'm always tired in the daytime?
Plz tell me a specific doctor's name for it..?
I think i have cyclothymia/bipolar?
Childhood sexual abuse & bullying?
Hyperventilation syndrome?
Self diagnosed borderline?
Sometimes when i'm lying on the bed?
Alarm clock won't wake me up?
Is my tiredness from being sick?
'10 woman size 16 pants considered 'fat'?
I'm always tired all the time?
Sleeping - can't move or breathe?
Is this night terrors?
Cant breath in sleep?
"Do you""really"" feel better after resting.?"
Very rare sleeping problem?
Blood test for glucose?
Question about sleep paralysis?
Do i look at risk for diabetes?
Sleeping noise please help?
Could i have insomnia?
Stop breathing/ choking in sleep?
I feel healthier with a coldwhy?
Breathing problems !! only at night?
Help with sleeping *urgent*?
Often forgetting things?
Weight loss surgery questions !?
Panic attack in sleep?
Sleepy during graveyard shift! help!?
Please give me an answer asap!?
Should i get therapy?
Sleeping problems! help ! :(?
I have these nightmares?
It worse. i have considered she might have sleep apnoea but she won't go to the doctor's so what can i do?
Do i have an inner ear problem?
On: what is a proven alternative to cpap treatment for mild to moderate sleep apnoea?
Reversing extraction orthodontics?
", none of which have helped. a sleep study shows mild sleep apnoea can you advise - if it is possible to reverse extraction orthodontics?"
Tired after plenty of sleep?
The quantity. any idea what it could be?
I'm a girl and i snore very loud?
Why do i like to sleep so much?
Is this suicidal or not?
I'm always tired why?
Two burns on one finger?
I'm going to my nurse tomorrow?
A question on lymphodema?
Laparoscopic appendectomy through belly button healing?
How long before this bloating goes down?
Can somebody please tell me if this is normal after surgery?
Is this normal after laproscopic appendectomy?
My surgery scar is getting red?
"My son is 7, he has 2 enlarged, hard, painless cervical lymph nodes that is unilateral to the left side.?"
"(after appendectomy) if i drink milk, do my stomach still becomes hurt because i'm lactose intolerant?"
What is lump under my belly button?
Getting more pain pills after appendectomy(i'm not abusing them)?
I had an appendectomy a few days ago. they more after only having appendectomy?
Does anyone know a surgical procedure that doesn't involve much investigation to do?
Appendicitis and my period?
Health question (please only answer if you know what your talking about)?
"Increase in sgpt, sgot and alp levels?"
Is my hematoma growing?
Belly button surgery?
Question about life after surgery?
Pains 3 weeks after appendectomy?
'm still hurting in the same spot. does this sound like appendicitis?
Does this sound like appendicitis or the beginning of appendicitis?
"Cough, but it still hurts. does this sound like the beginning of appendicitis?"
Appetite. i don't currently have any abdominal pain either. could this be appendicitis?
"Doesn't really hurt at all. so how much does it hurt when you have appendicitis and on a scale of one to ten, do you think i have it?"
Insurance plans that cover hospital appendicitis surgery?
At night time. it usually goes away after pooping but could it be appendicitis?
Also really dont want to have to go to the hospital if it isnt necessary so can someone please tell me if this sounds like appendicitis?
How to convince the doctor to let you stay overnight for a few days in the hospital?
This be some type pf gallbladder pain?
What is with these weird stomach pains?
Pregnant. i can pass gas and have normal bms so i don't think appendicitis. what is this?
What is up with these stomach pains?
Sharp pain in lower right side near hip bone?
";t noticed anything else. should i be worried about appendicitis, or should i wait and see what happens?"
Why does my appendix hurt so bad?
Is it possible to last for more than a month?
I feel dizziness especially after going motion especially in the evening.?
"Period (the flow is a lot heavier than usual) or an appendicitis. so, normal or should i go get checked out?"
Why did i wake up with pain on my right side?
"I don't think i have appendicitis, but what else could it be?"
"Not every 15 minutes now, more like hour or so. could it be appendicitis?"
How likely is it i have appendicitis?
My employee is a flake. do you think she was being dramatic?
I think my grandma has appendicitis?
So my uti test turned out negative what else could it be?
I think i have appendicitis but my parents don't think so?
"Pain there a dozen times in the last few years, could it be appendicitis?"
Pain managment for appendicitis?
I feel sore on right side of abdomen?
Were my girlfriend's private parts exposed during her appendicitis surgery?
Could i have a torn diaphragm?
A previous question i asked. turns out my friend does have appendicitis. what's the survival rate for surgery?
Could these habits really turn into appendicitis?
Heart pain and sometimes shortness of breath?
Urinary tract infection or appendicitis?
Could this have caused appendicitis?
"Accidently on the right side of my stomach, im just terrified that it may have caised appendicitis is that possible?"
My abdomen to see where it hurts (i think if you have appendicitis your belly should hurt when touched?
"The right side of my belly button , it's also itchy at times , could this be appendicitis ?"
Lower abdomen could it be appendicitis ?
This pain again 3 days ago do you think it's still the mesenteric adentitis or appendicitis?
"A lot as well, what could it be?"
With pain on my right lower abdominal area. do you think it's appendicitis or mesenteric adentitis again!?
Stomach problems - could this be a sign of more than just a virus?
Is appendix on left or right side?
"Appendicitis* i smell and taste soap, pain in abdominal!?"
"So i drank water instead. i'm a healthy weight, not chubby one bit, if that matters. could this be a sign of appendicitis?"
What were your symptoms (appendicitis)?
"For those of you who have had appendicitis, what were your symptoms?"
To the hospital tomorrow if the pain doesn't go. does it sound like appendicitis?
"Is this an appendicitis , or an upset stomach , im really worried?"
I have some questions about appendicitis?
Do you think i have appendicitis?
Should i go back to the er tomorrow?
Should i be worried baout appendicitis?
Since it started and am hungruy at the moment so is this appendicitis?
Pain in my lower right side?
Sit down and when i stay in one position for a while. could it be appendicitis or what?
Is this a sign of appendicitis?
I get painful cramps till i lay down?
(above the groin and below the belly button). could this be the symptoms of appendicitis?
";t confirm that, so don't factor that in. does anyone think i have appendicitis; if so what should i do now?"
It goes away but i haven't vomited. could it be appendicitis or what?
Button. i found out that my grandmother as well as my brother had appendicitis. is appendicitis hereditary?
Is this appendicitis or uti?
Do i have an appendicitis?
What do you think is wrong with my stomach?
"Of constipation, and diarrhea. are these early signs of appendicitis &, if so, should i call a doctor?"
Should i be worried about appendicitis?
I think i have appendicitis?
Middle and right side of stomach feels sore?
Of infection from what they could see. does this mean its not possible to have appendicitis?
I have this immense pain in my lower right abdomen?
Having on and off pain near my right hip?
Is this pain appendicitis?
Could this cause appendicitis?
Appendicitis or constipation?
Is this rare appendicitis pain?
Hour and a half ago. i'm kinda confused if i have appendicitis or not. please help?
Is this appendicitis?
It does hurt i sometimes feel like theirs pressure/gas?
Could a possible ovarian cyst still there?
Could i have appendicitis?
"Today, i have had 2 big meals with no trouble, so is this appendicitis?"
Could he have appendicitis?
And the nausea and pain only seem to be getting worse. can this be the early stages of appendicitis?
Something else and doesn't want me to go to the doctor. could this be appendicitis?
Freaking out that i have appendicitis?
"And freak her out, but it seriously hurts. what could this be?"
Do i have appendicitis ?
;m in horrible pain.. then i'm fine. does this sound like appendicitis?
"Slightly nauseas, i always do in my grandma's hot kitchen, is this appendicitis?"
Down i feel something on the lower right side of my stomach. is this appendicitis?
Inflammed.it hurts when a take a deep breath. can it be appendicitis?
This kind of pain before. please help!! do i have appendicitis or is it something else?
Dull aching pain on right side of stomach in the front?
I this trapped wind or appendicitis?
Is this serious and worth getting help for?
Up phlegm and there was blood in there(?
Then maybe after like 3 hours the pain slowly went away. is this appendicitis?
Appendicitis questions?
I'm not sure if this is appendicitis?
"Anything i took a long walk and didnt stop me, cos i heard that appendicitis is rare in people who can fart and go to toilet who are hungry?"
Should i go to the doctor or hospital ?
Have a fever. am i over reacting?
Abdominal pain with some vomiting please help?
Minor burning sensation in my stomach?
Lot today. can someone just please tell me whether or not this is appendicitis?
From my daily activities. my friend thinks it is appendicitis. any suggestions?
Help! do i have appendicitis?
It went away. no fever or decrease in appetite. do i have appendicitis?
What is up with this stomach ache?
"Twice today, ive had 2 large meals and could eat still so is this appendicitis?"
Bad stomach pains 3 months after appendix removal ?
It was harsh lol. i'm not sure if this is just gas pain or appendicitis.. help?
/swollen and have constipation and diarrhea. do i have appendicitis?
Im 24 is this appendicitis?
This be gas or from eating bad food?
"Without farting then suddenly i was farting a lot, my friend had appendicitis and he said i wouldnt be able to write this?"
Is this appendicitis or just cramps?
"Have gas and bloating, and feel like i need to poop. is this appendicitis?"
My doctor is currently on vacation. do you guys think i have appendicitis?
Lower right side abdominal pain?
"Severe pain in lower abdomen, loss of appetite, tiredness, etc?"
"Nor am i pregnant, what could be the cause of this?"
I think i have appendicitis. please help!!!?
Horrible cramp in my lower left area?
Weird stomach pain on lower right side?
About something like that or is it totally fine?
Has anyone had these feelings and what was the result?
Has anyone ever dealt with this pain before?
Why does my side hurt?
"Gf's period is almost off, but pain (not cramps) on lower right stomach area got worse, sharp pain?"
Can i get charged by the hospital?
Pian in the middle of my stomach?
Could i possibly have appendicitis?
Why am i having chest/body pains?
Question about 4 year old boy's appendix removed?
How to get appendicitis?
Strange pressure/tight sensation in abdomen?
"What is this im getting worried , stomach pain ?"
"Bad, pelvic pain in 13 year old daughter?"
Pain in left side after having appendix out?
"I am ill, not sure what to do?"
"Just the pain, any idea what this is?"
Sharp pain - right side of stomach?
Dermoid tumor on both ovaries?
What can i do about this anxiety?
"Nothing, but can someone tell me its nothing to worry about?"
Is this ibs pain i am having?
Is it possible i have appendicitis?
I need to know what's wrong with my mum for once and for all!?
Pain in my lower right side of my stomach?
What are these stomach pains?
Hospital or just a stomach ache?
Why have i got stomach pains?
Hoir. is this caused by gas?
"Sharp, stabbing pain in lower right abdomen?"
I need medical answers?
Sharp & dull pain directly 3 inches away left from belly button?
Health question please help?
Lower right side pain ?
Pain in my right side?
Colon cancer age 20 someone please help?
Lower left stomach cramp feeling?
Right side stomach pain?
Is this harmful or harmless?
It was gas troubles. idk.. what can this be?
Is it anything serious?
Is something wrong with my appendix?
Please give urgent feedback?
"Am asking this because i know these are some of the symptoms but they aren't very bad yet, any one think this could be appendicitis?"
Bone cancer in a 17 year old?
Pls answer it's important?
"Liquid, offensive smelling poop?"
Is this appendix or something else?
Hurt but not that much. i hear it hurts a lot for to have appendicitis?
Pain in my lower stomach and back?
Help me please :( please i need help?
Which would be most likely?
Small appendix rupture?
Side for months now. do i have irritable bowel sydrome or chronic appendicitis or something else?
Pain near my appendix?
"Can anyone help, i don't know whats wrong with me?"
I've been feeling nauseous a lot for no reason.?
What kind of illness am i facing?
Why could my right ovary be hurting?
Pain on my right lower rib cage?
"Im 15, small pinching pain near right hip when i squeeze?"
More problems with constipation?
Lower right abdomen pain?
Always nauseous after eating?
What is like being in the hospital?
My stomach hurts after i took advil?
I think i have appenditis but?
Question about appendix?
"Abdominal pain, what's causing it?"
Could i have gallstones?
Lower abdominal pain is killing me!?
Only 15 so i have no idea what it could be?
What caused this sickness?
"It cannot be gas, what could this be?"
Stomach pain for two days straight?
Hospital or stomach ache?
After surgery pain help thanks!?
Bottom right stomach pains?
Sharp pain in my gf's lower back on the right side.?
Pls help me..its urgent?
Washing my hair in hospital?
Can anyone tell me what's wrong?
Immediate help please?
Belly button/pelvic/side pain?
"Is this my anxiety , whats causing this ?"
Is this anything acute and should i go. to the er?
"Is it my appendix, or something else?"
Anybody just give me answers please?
Could this be trapped gas?
Help!!! do i have gallstones?
To my back. but am virgin so this cant be an std?
 is this still the so said cyst?
Doctors advice please. side pains?
English help me. heart problems?
I'm freak out please help?
My lower right side hurts and i need help.?
Right lower abdomen painread on?
Chronic stomachache please help.?
Abdominal pain..help please?
Please give me answers!?
I think i might have appendicitis?
Pain in my side by my hip near to my back ?
Stomach pains but only when standing up?
Like how can doctors tell if you have it?
I'm worried i have appendicitis but my doctor says its gas?
Stomach pain and vomiting blood?
Will i get appendicitis?
I may have appendicitis?
Pain on my lower right stomach?
"I'm 14, and have constant stomach pains to the point so i can't move! help?"
I think this girl is lying about having appendicitis. :/?
Bladder or appendicitis?
Is it appendicitis or not?
How did they first treated appendicitis?
Do i have a possible kidney infection?
Could it be appendicitis?
What side is your apendix on?
Am i experiencing appendicitis?
Do i have appendicitis help ?
My stomach is throbbing around my belly button?
Pain in right side of abdomen?
Is it my appendix i need help?
Post appendicitis problems?
Possible appendicitis?
How to distinguish them?
"My stomach hurts so freakin bad, whats wrong with me?"
Think i have appendicitis?
"Vomiting,period cramps, and spitting up blood?"
Appendicitis or just food poisoning?
"Describe two main diseases of the excretory system, their prevention, and cures.?"
Out even after a long sleep. so are these signs of my appendix needed to be taken out or maybe beginning signs?
I hurst at the end when i pee and i have a sharp pain near my appendix?
Do you think my work will fire me after having appendix removed?
In having a complete hysterectomy do they also take out your appendix?
Can i say i'm getting my appendix taken out in 2 weeks to my boss?
"Least, i believe it is my appendix. when i woke upthis appendicitis or is it even my appendix causing this pain?"
I chewed lots of chewing gum and now my appendix hurts!?
What should i do about my stomach pains?
What operation could i tell my boss i'm having instead of telling him i'm getting a boob job?
"Sharp appendix area pain, but it was removed years ago. what can it be?"
Why does my appendix hurt sometimes?
Question about this and its bugging me. what causes the appendix to give us humans pain?
Why does my lower right of belly hurt?
Other than mild pain where my appendix is and on my right hip. iso nervous?
Is there something wrong with my appendix?
What's going on with my appendix?
"Cane walk, and workout, and there isn't any lower abdominal pain around the appendix. what could be wrong?"
Right next to my pelvis or above my female part . i dont want it to be my appendix?
Inside. could i possibly have had a cyst rupture?
Im having pains in my right lower quadrant of my body?
Heavy pain in right side short of breath?
How do i lose my tummy?
I need to know if my appendix ruptured?
Experiencing a lot of pain during menstruation?
Do you think this could have something to with my appendix?
What is causing these random chest pains ?
The right side of my stomach is killing me?
"And it hurts like, i can't even explain it. is this my appendix or gallbladder or my kidneys or what?"
Painfromjust a little above my waist and around to the front?
Sex after appendix and hernia surgery?
(medical professionals only please) will workouts have worsen my hernia?
Sharp pain in right side of waist?
Wont go away. its not cramps and i don't have an appendix so it cant be that. what could it be?
"Dull right side stomach pain lasting for 3 days now, help?"
Exact same pain 3 months after appendectom?
Explosive diarrhea because i'm lactose intolerant or not?
Away and i've never had them since. could my appendix have caused those stomach pains?
Why am i vomiting and my bowels are irregular?
Is the pains i'm having my appendix?
Like crazy and i don't know what it is. could it be my appendix or what?
What is this pain on the right side of my body?
Like walking or running. this isn't my appendix because it's not so low. what organ could it be?
Then when i am walking i feel hurt i don`t know why?
When does your appendix hurt?
Like what's the average age for people. when their appendix is taken out?
Do and i think it would be a good plan if i got there and then burst my own appendix (?
"The internet for answers and symptoms and i do not have any, my appendix just tingles from time to time as well as my upper leg im 13 help?"
Stomach cramps keeping me up its late please help?
Do i have gallbladder or appendix problem?
When can i refill my tylenol 3?
Does it have any use whatsoever nowadays?
Can it be the appendix even if it is not hurting?
I'm sick ): anyone have any ideas what it is?
Ovaries or appendix and what's wrong?
Pain years after appendix is removed?
"I thought i could handle thisbut i really, really can't, and i just don't know what to do?"
"Is he really ill, appendix problems?"
My right side hurts is it my appendix ?
Pain where appendix used to be?
Can my dog get his appendix removed?
Is this area of my body my appendix?
Ruptured appendix help?
Help from a dr. or nurse for a diagnoses?
The lower right side of my body hurts?
Appendix or gallbladder problems ?
I have a hunger pain and a rubbleing sound in the stomach to but it's more craglin sound?
Could this pain be my appendix?
Appendix is useless so why not just?
Severe stomach pains yet discharged home?
Please respond asap.!!!!! appendix is about to burst !!?
From blood test alone can you determine if its your gallbladder your appendix?
Did i rupture my appendix?
I got operated from my appendix?
My lower right part of stomach hurts?
"Of pee ). t_t i am afraid that this might be my appendix, tell me everyone. what do you think?"
Where is my appendix?
"The pain is very severe when i walk, i have no appendix. sometimes the pain runs across my abdomen. any idea what it could be?"
Up. i don't have a fever either. could it be my appendix?
Is this my appendix bursting?
"Burst"" so should i be concerned?"
I got my appendix out?
Is it my appendix or ovaries?
Could my appendix be acting up?
Saw it was the same pain but it was red. could this be my appendix?
Help : i have sever pain in the lower right abdomen is it appendix ?
"I've had my period for two days, and it randomly stopped?"
Im scared that my appendix burst ?
Can it be the appendix?
"On a scale of 1-10 for pain, at why number do you need to go to the er?"
Menstrual cramps or appendix?
I think my appendix may have leaked?
My right side under my rib cage hurts?
Appendix or period cramps?
On the right side. can someone tell me if its period cramps or appendix?
Did my appendix burst?
My right side hurts and i feel nauseous. did my appendix burst?
Appendix removed - please help!?
Appendix surgery recovery pls help :-)?
My dad's appendix ruptured!!!?
Very sharp pain under my ribs?
"A half, and only when i breathe in, even slightly. i know it's not my appendix or it would be lower, could it be kidney stones?"
Appendix burst on week long trip!?
What is this sore / strain feeling in my stomach?
Is birth control worth the risk?
Be a gas problem or something?
Still no bowel movements even after prescription laxatives?
Stomach pain mostly on the right side?
Once and awhile my appendix hurts?
"Can anyone tell what this is, i'm going to the doctor, but what could cause this, my urination is also affected, can prostate do this?"
Appendictis or have i pulled a muscle?
I am feeling a little funny?
Why do i feel pain during intercourse?
I swallowed a tamarind seed ?
I'm having serious thoughts of killing people?
Am i having a heart attack or anxiety attack?
I need to put on weight but i can't?
Experiencing a lot of pain during menstruationhelp please?
Blood test results for 4 year old?
"My bowel movement was green even yesterday, is this caused from my appendix?"
What kind of sickness do i have?
I've just collapsed what do i do?
Is the pain i have normal ?
Pain in the lower right side abdomen?
Physically active. how long will it take to get fecalith?
I don't think my belly button is sealed.?
Do i need to call 911/go to er?
"Ok internal organs are enlarged, heart, liver, gallbladder, apendix, tongue, ovaries, tubes, uterus.?"
What could be wrong with him?
Do i need to call my surgeon?
Sharp pain in right side?
Brown discharge with blood?
I'm confused with what i've been told by doctors :(?
Upper right stomach painwhat could it be?
Bellyache and fever in 7 year old?
Bowel movement after appendicectomy?
Do i need to get blood tests for that?
Stomach pain for a week - help?
"Just want to know if anyone knows if that sounds like something with my appendix, my abs, stomach, or what?"
Aches in abdomen all night?
Pain in my ovary and my appendix area?
Whats wrong with my stomach?
Y does my lower portion hurt when i press my bellybutton?
Does this mean anything?
Up. does this mean anything?
Can you tell me please?
Pain in lower right abdomen?
I have pains to the right of myumyou knowdown there?
Is it normal if this happens?
Has anorexia stunted my growth?
Endometriosis questions?
Stomach pain for 2 weeks?
Pelvic pain but normal ultrasound?
Bump om surgery scar?
Exercise help or guide needed?
Not hungry. should i see a doctor?
I'm hurting once again. please help?
Pain on the lower left side of my stomach?
I have a rotten tooth?
Strange pain around my belly button?
Severe pain in ovaries..please help?
Is this my first period?
I'm having these side affects?
Testicular lumps and pain?
"Fatigue, lower right sided abdominal pains, and more. help?"
I keep getting stomach and lower abdomen pain?
Connection between ovarian cysts & severe pms?
Question about stomach pain?
 i was thinking that it might have something to do with her appendix or something ruptured. does anyone have any ideas?
Is this just gas pain?
Stomach feels like it's burning (very painful)?
"Painful i started to cry, i thought maybe it was my appendix but i'm not sure. does anyone know what this could be?"
Someone please help! i'm dying :'(?
Digestive problems please help?
Ovarian cyst information?
Could this be stress related?
Anorexia-growth stunt?
Lower right stomach pain ?
How do cramps feel like?
What's wrong with my uterus..?
Another ovarian cyst?
My son needs surgery?
My friend had appendicitis and?
Scar tissue is ruining my life!?
Help with abdominal pain?
Could my period be late because of?
Have pain on right front side close to waistline what are possible causes?
Help! pain right below my rib cage?
Period seems to not want to stop?
I'm having strange stomach pains..?
Stomach contraption constantly. please help?
Growing muscle pain/aches!!!help?
Piercing scar tissue?
Questions about losing weight?
Vomiting up blood help?
Also hav pain in my lower right abdominal but they already checked my appendix and it wasn't tht any ideas on what it is or what to do?
"Pregnant, or simply stressed?"
I have been getting hip pain for about a year.?
Rib injury question - please help!?
"Apendix pain , help please?"
"Each time i eat. can someone help me , is it my appendix or whats going on?"
Stabbing stomach pain?
 so would this be the reason?
Piercing scar tissue!?
I'm worried about my mom's health! help?
Pain in belly! what do i do?
I don't feel so good?
My sides were hurting?
Involved in immune protection?
So lately i've been feeling sick to my stomach?
What are the symptoms of appendix?
My friend is having pain in right side?
What did or does the appendix do?
It is just me or are my appendix going to pop ?
Crippled over in pain?
Why does it hurt so bad?
Girl aged 5 complaining of stomach pains for years.?
Theres pain where my appendix islower right..?
Pain in the bottom left abdomen?
Is it my appendix need help?
Is my appendix gonna burst?
Do i have appendix problems?
Where is an appendix?
Can you feel it inside your mouth/neck?
Where is your appendix?
Do i have an appendix?
Crazy stomach pain! appendix?
Sharp pains below belly button?
Could this be my appendix?
Do you remember the first time you had an orgasm?
Back together recently and my anxiety went away but i still have loss of appetite. what does that mean ?
Help regulate both long-term and short-term human appetite over a 24-hour period?
"Also, what is a way to help to control this overwhelming appetite?"
Do i reduce my vitamin c?
"What is causing my headaches, dizziness and appetite problems?"
How to i nearly eliminate my appetite?
All the time now. is there anything i can do/eat/drink to bring back my appetite?
What has caused me to lose my appetite?
Is it normal for my appetite to have changed so quickly?
Why could my appetite be getting weird?
Will this be an everyday thing?
"Thing is, now i don't seem to have much of an appetite?"
Increased appetite due to birth control?
Proper diet on medications that take away your appetite?
Least 1500 calories a day even though i don't have much of an appetite?
To lose an unhealthy amount of weight. how do i get back my appetite?
Has anyone experienced a loss of appetite after the mirena iud insertion?
After that. is this normal?
And 140. so to avoid gaining even more weight how can i curb my appetite?
How can i ruin my appetite?
I haven't got a good appetite and need to gain weight?
"Depression, anxiety, insomnia and other things but does stress cause lack of appetite?"
What do my symptoms sound like and is it serious enough to go see a doctor?
Are these semi-healthy things to eat on a day to day basis?
I want to chemically castrate myself: what are the long term effects and what is the safest method?
What cell causes you to lose appetite and sleeping problems?
"Body, or does it only cause you to gain weight because it increases your appetite/desire to eat?"
What the actual reason for this is?
How many miles do you run to lose 5-10 pounds?
Is my diet healthy and good enough to create weight loss?
What is causing the rash on my hands?
What would you like to ask?
Check these results often?
Do I have acne scarring?
How to get rid of acne scars?
"I'm a 14 year old boy, I have acne and I hate it! how can I make my face look like i've never gotten acne?"
Does anyone know how to get rid of acne scars?
How to get rid of acne/acne scars?
How do I get rid of acne scars on my back fast ?
m going to florida in 2 weeks and I have stretch marks on my thighs and hips:/. is this normal?
How to enjoy being alive?
Can people really get rid of bad stretch marks on the thighs?
"Question about stretch marks, please answer?"
Do guys care about stretch marks?
I wanna have sex with a guy but im scared. im not the skinniest person and he knows that but still. what will he do?
Is this rosacea or not?
"I think I might have rosacea, but i'm only 15( isshow my face in public. is this rosacea, or something else?"
What's really going on with my face?
Need help with rosacea?
How to get rid of acne before friday?
Keloid removal costs?
What can you tell me about this mole?
Can you tell me about this mole?
How do I get rid of mole/scar/whatever it is on my chin?
Serious experienced answers regarding skin tag removal?
Removing freckle/mole?
nevi moles in teenager?
Please check transcription to see if it sounds right. thank you.?
Is this some type of skin cancer?
Something possibly nevus on my eye?
Area above lip(philtrum) is red?
Why do I have little bumps all over my face?
How to get rid of this dry patch of skin?
I have acne please help I need something that will help?
Help! how do I get ride of acne?
Cliff bars questions ?
Why am I still getting acne!! ?
Accutane and skin dryness?
What would be the cause of this ?
Quick answer me i'm freaking out !!!?
Best blemish cream ever ?
I have a weird lump under my arm. help?
Lump in my lip after pimple?
Very serious question someone please help?
I want breast implants that look more natural. any suggestions on what doctor to go to in north carolina.?
How much fat do I need to lose?
What size breast implants would best fit my body?
Women who have had breast reduction or augmentation: how well did you recover from the scares?
"Whats the average price for liposuction, breast implant and tummy tuck?"
If you have what was it like and do you regret and what did it cost?
"Women who have had breast reduction surgery, post op recovery question?"
Breast reduction surgery?
Breast reduction questions?
Small and pointy breasts! help!?
"I'm a 5 foot 9, 145-147lb, 21 year old male. my weight is in the right range. why do I have saggy boobs and fat on my stomach and hips?"
Which pill gave you oily skin?
Acne meds that actually work?
How to get rid of red/dry skin?
Help get rid of them?
How can I get rid of acne once and for all?
What is the dosage of vitamin c for skin lightening?
Good skin lightening creams out there?
How to remove darkspot in face in 17 yrs of boy?
Oout of the same pore. is that normal?
Drugstore product containing lightening agents?
Need answers asap.!!?
Blister on bottom lip?
My psychiatrist kissed me on the lips and I kissed her back?
What could happen if anyone found out?
But 2 weeks ago I kissed my small niece on the lips and she got a cold sore the day after.what can it be pls if I never had one?
Please help me!! read this please!!?
Is michael dawson's vitiligo cure legit?
How do I treat my bad facial spots?
Feeling very anxious and way too ugly to go out with friend today?
Need help with what autoimmune disease I have?
Need help with my autoimmune disease diagnosis?
I am looking pale. why?
How to get rid of dark circles under eyes?
Do I have iron deficiency?
How to get rid of dark circles?
Do I have male pattern baldness?
I'm 17 and I think I have pattern baldness?
Do I have low or high blood pressure symptoms?
and my hairs thinning..help?
Reagrding oily hair solution permanent?
I think I may have a bald patch at the top-right-back of my head?
"Hi ,i just wanted to ask hw much would it cost me for seeing a dermatologist in bangalore,for hairloss?"
Okay so i'm 17 and i'm getting a little annoyed with the fact that no matter how much I shave my facial hair takes forever to grow. will it work.?
What do rogaine users do now that there is no nizoral?
To grow fully and faster all the way down again?
I think something is wrong with my body but I dont have insurance?
Help!! i'm 16 and I used rogaine on mistake :(?
Why does my stomach hurt?
Is there any penis hair removal machine?
Removing underarm hair. help!?
";m only 14. shaving is kinda weird for me, so I use hair removal creams. any suggestions?"
Underarm darkness. help.?
Underarm darkness! help.?
Reliable hair removal?
Underarm stubble. help!?
Need shaving advice/help.?
Shaving facial hair question?
How to shave correctly ?
"Don't want. another example is male models , of course they shave facial hair, but how don't they leave the gray aftershave look?"
Questions about shaving facial hair?
After the first time you shave how long does it take to grow back?
To get natural fat transfer breast augmentation what is the minimum legal age?
"If the government found a cure for cancer, would they keep it a secret?"
Breast augmentation question?
Best and decently priced boob augmentations?
I slept in my cosmetic contacts?
I need labiaplastywill my insurance cover it?
How do I know I dont have cancer. please help!!!!?
Anybody else have bad cosmetic dentistry experiences?
Cosmetic dental implants is best for children?
Something is wrong with my bones or my nerves?
I have a rash on my vagina.?
How to make my vagina look young(girls only)?
Do I have enough time to pass a hair follicle?
I am going to a party and need help!?
Waxing stomach and back?
"Females what should I do, I have a hairy butt?"
Females what should I do?
I think I burnt my vagina?
How to get the smoothest shave on my legs and underarms ?
"Every time I shave my underarms , not all the hair comes off and its look weird so how do I make them perfect and smooth ?"
My hair is growing way too fast and i'm going to have sex?
What's wrong with my skin?
To scar or are that scared?
Will my acne go away?
I need help with anxiety?
Anyone knowledgeable about skincare and being in the sun?
Freckle laser treatment help?
If I get cancer can I sue a tanning salon I went to in the 1980s?
Anyone know how to get rid of age spots on face?
Wavrlength vs pulse rate to penetrate thur skin to muscle?
What can I do to tone my body?
"I know that this is an over asked question, but what do you think I can do to tone my whole body this summer?"
Why did the back-pressure/arm-lift method that was perfomed before the inventions of cpr cause ventilation of the lungs?
I feel that my body is a bit unbalanced?
A couple days a week?
How to get in shape for bikini season?
Should I buy a medicine ball or fitness ball?
How long until I see results?
What's causing my facial rash after eating?
Is my facial rash due to my cold?
Cortisone injection redness?
How do you get a great shave with very thick facial hair?
Will my penis grow bigger?
How to buy salvia divinorum?
", I do have a deep voice and like I said im pretty tall and I have some facial hair, so what do you think I should do to get it?"
Is my voice gonna get deeper?
Can I be 6 feet tall?
Are there any ftms here who stopped their transition?
"I'm 18 and 6'1"" can I grow to 6'2"" by 21?"
Is this an allergic reaction?
Will make it worse . what is this?
How to cure red acne scars ?
How to get rid or acne marks dark spots?
Im 14 and have several acne spots on my face and they are anoying as hell and id like them to go away or fade anygood products for my face?
Chemical free papaya soap products?
I've been getting cysts?
Why is that I feel pain in my neck when?
I dont know if im supposed to shave my vagina down or up?
How to get rid of black spot?
Leg shaving problems?
How can I get rid of my spots?
It clean my face enough ?
What to do about moderate acne?
How to get rid of a pimpble?
"I've heard of azelaic acid, does anyone have experience with it?"
How to keep acne out for good?
What is acne in teens?
How to get rid of my scar?
What should I do at a time like this?
"So this scratches are mostly from fights I did years ago..and I still have it, will it go if I use bio-oil?"
Tips on reducing scars ?
How to make a scar disappear?
How do I stop itching from hair dye?
I think I have a hair dye addiction d:?
I'm paranoid about my lungs?
How do I know if im having an allergic reaction to hair dye?
Does a little grey cause allergy as does just for men?
My sister age 53 has difficulty in breathing and feels breathless.she did her blood test and found her esr at?
Reaction to hair dye?
"My birthmark, I need help.?"
Is there anything to get rid of a big birthmark?
It's on the back of my leg and its just gross. it really bugs me to the point where I don't even wanna ear shorts. is there anything you recommend?
How do I convince my mom to let my mole get looked at?
m taking 40mg every other day. will that decrease my lip dryness to the point where I won't have to wear chapstick anymore?
Am I dying or its all in my head?
How to get clear skin?
Sunburn oozing yellow liquid?
But it hurts and stings alot (as if I still had the sunburn maybe worse) did this make it better or alot worse?
I need vagina help please?
Will show it. I stopped shaving and started using nair. any tips on reducing the scar?
Please help!!! worried about my pubic area!!!?
Shaving legs black dots?
Girls what should I do?
Should I put wart freeze-off on my flat wart?
", then what else can I do to get this wart off my face?topic_needed_specialties_20130315.xls	facial+wart	http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_result?scope=all&category=396545018&fltr=_en&question_status=all&answer_count=any&date_submitted=90&p=facial+wart""&orderby=date"
How to get rid of facial warts?
My cousin is wondering?
Does hpv vaccine prevent facial warts?
"Back, face, and chest acne?"
Any resources on how to get a chemotherapy drug for less?
Mchc blood platelet mean?
Help me cure my eyesight naturally!?
I have had bleeding in my eyes?
Best acne scar removal in the uk?
Heart laser treatment?
What's a good chapstick lip balm for guys?
"It. I do not tan, nor do I expose myself to the sun. I do use sunscreen as well. is it possible it may be cancer?"
Moles and skin cancer?
Ways to prevent farmers tan?
My skin doesn't tan or burn?
"I have a rash on my face, neck and chest?"
Cure for rash on face?
I have a rash above my top lip and its a bit dark. doesn't hurt could be from boxing?
Rash on face neck and chest?
Urgent!! 10 points best!! allergic reaction rash on face?
What worked for your acne?
Good acne cleansing products?
Rubbing alcohol on face?
I am a 54 year old married woman and mom of two. my mother passed away july 2012 - we all l ive in?
Low self esteem help?
Anti aging cream question! (please read)?
Good yet cheap nighttime moisturizer?
Anti wrinkle creams for 15 yr old?
How to get red lips with the help of home remedies?
Question about derma roller or skin needling?
Bcp for acne and stress?
How to get rid of acne and acne scars for a foundation wearer?
How to hide self harm cuts before vacation?
I'm 14 and my acne is terrible!?
Will these acne scars go away pics?
What is more beautiful fair skin or more tan skin?
Why am I always sick and tired?
What braces colors should I get?
What color braces would look good with me?
How do I sensitize myself to sexual things again?
Do I need braces & if I do what colors?
Do you like pale skin or tan skin?
Does many people like tan skin?
I'm going to the orthodontics this monday and I am wondering if I will get my braces on then.?
"Black brown etc. but what colors would look good for me, I have lightly tan skin, brown hair and hazel eyes. any ideas?"
Is this why I breakout on my forehead?
Why is my penis smlling like a raw potato and the tip is white (while not pulling back the skin)?
Blisters help me please?
Best lotion to tan with?
Which color of braces should I get?
My nose and my cheek is red !?
Toner makes face oily?
How can I tell is someone is on meth?
After using bleaching soap for a few weeks that whitens my face and body. my question is.?
"To fade in 4 months from now, do you think that if I get some chemical peels ( probally the vitalize peel) I could fade them ?"
Will a superficial chemical peel remove my minor scars and discoloration if so how many will I need to get the job done?
Will 30 minutes of sun exposure hurt?
Ongoing acne and treatments?
I've never gone to a spa before so I have a few questions for those who have..?
What is a 4 layer facial and how does it work ?
Is there a way to tell whether the small red/circles on your face caused by alcohol are liver spots or just a?
"What the hell, I have a liver spot thing?"
What are they called?
Does anyone use lactaid pills?
;ve gotten blood test at the doctor and I have no known allergies. what is going on?
I have a hole in my gums from braces and my eyes are swollen from makeup remover! (please please read details)?
Have gone down a little though). ugh I feel cursed. what do I do?
"Swollen finger, infection or allergy?"
How many people die each year from peanut allergies?
Food allergy question?
I was just wondering what the symptoms of a food intolerance would be?
How do I get really fresh breth?
Should I go a week without food?
By lack of the adyn gene or something like that. could it cause anaphylaxis?
Did I od and what will happen next?
Can erythromycin cause the following:?
Vaginal irretation. help?
! has anybody else have that happen to them?
Cat just pounced me. hives?
Am I allergic to rain?
Please help chicken pox?
Other half has a rash that's puzzling doctors?
How to get rid of the dark circles under the eyes?
Why did my ex have such bad acne?
Not digesting food properly?
What is going on with my stomach?
"A fair amount, sometimes none at all. could this be ulcers or a food intolerance or something?"
Are they little red bumps?
What causes this intense itching?
What is this patch of blisters?
Small patch of clustered tiny blisters on my leg?
My friend said it'll cause you to get super high. I want to try it but i'm not sure if it will get me high there's only one way to find out right?
Has anyone had similar problems with rashes?
Skin condition/disease?
A patient diagnosed with aplastic anemia should be closely monitored for change in?
Stem cells cord blood would help a child with plastic anemia?
Why was my bone marrow biopsy more painful than other peoples?
"Advice, is this normal & I should not worry?"
My first nosebleed something more serious?
How many kids and adults are injured by vaccines every year?
Has anyone seen a filiform (facial wart) in a child?
Question about diabetes type 1?
I'm not sure what it is?
Anything like i'm not sick its just kinda there. its weird. is it a canker sore?
I just sucked another guy and am a little worried/upset at myself?
And after the girl got feelable lyhmph nodes too and a canker sore. what do you think?
What are those blisters that sometimes appear in your mouth called?
"I'm 13, 5'5"" and have a 33 inch waist line. am I doing something wrong?"
Could I have celiac disease and/or type 1 diabetes?
Can this make a normal person sick?
And i'm also kinda bloated. :( does this mean I have celiac disease or was I just having too much bran flakes?
Hida scan/ gallbladder?
Celiac disease symptoms?
"I've been trying to find the answer to this, but i'm very confused. can someone please explain?"
Ear piercing infection?
"Has anyone ever heard of not being able to wear earrings, none at all?"
Why my scalp is so itchy?
Only the dryness and itchy puss bubbles are on another finger. one finger has a pocked nail and no cuticle. what could this be?
Hands and feet swelling and skin roughing up and peeling?
Skin condition mystery please help?
What is this horrible rash?
Skin bubbles everywhere!!!?
I'm running out of options!?
Please please read and give me advice on this sinus issue?
What things should I avoid to stay away from fever?
What is wrong with my skin?
I am paranoid about this!!! please help!!!?
"I am allergic to sulfa, but there is a medication that contains sulfate that I was wondering if I would get a allergic reactions from taking it?"
"Drug allergy, is it serious?"
Do you have any kind of allergy?
"Positive for several (and I mean several) environmental allergies, could that have something to do with this?"
How do you know if you're allergic to something?
Will I ever find someone?
Sinus conestion/pain. help!?
Sinus infection or what?
"Have you ever tried some alternative treatment for severe and multiple allergies, that were not prescribed by a doctor?"
"weeks after surgery, itchy rash on hands and feet?"
Rash and always feel sick?
Random rashes appearing on my body?
"My baby is allergic to everything, what should I eat?"
"And miserable. so it seems like she has wheat, gluten and egg allergies. any suggestions on what I should eat?"
Which allergy is harder to live with?
Know what specifically in the medicine i'm allergic to. someone said it's connected to egg allergies?
Do I have an allergy?
This be due to improper kidney function in that they retain too much water or could it be angioedema?
Question about hives?
Any other meal plans would be helpful as well. has anyone found a supplement that helps as well?
How come I am used to having high levels of carbon dioxide in my blood?
These are my lung/chest ct scan results?
What muscle does the esophagus pass through on it's way towards the stomach?
Can anyone interpret my pulmonary function test results?
Do I have a lung condition or anxiety or both?
What is the physical phenomenon happening in the lung in case of bronchectasis?
What's wrong with my eye?
Little hives on body after taking..?
Do you think I have got asthma?
"That is caused by allergies caused by pollen, dust, hay fever, etc. without getting an allergy shot every two weeks?"
"My left eye keeps watering, why is this?"
Its making me cry of the pain how do I get rid of it help!!?
I'm concerned that she could have some kind of leukemia could I be right?
What does this blood count mean?
Do you have moderate or severe copd?
Eczema problems help!?
Does this sound like leukemia?
I am 6 weeks postpartum do I have to wait?
Do I have milk allergy or lactose intolerance?
Do I have a dairy intolerance?
What kind of rash is this?
Is this constipation?
Any theories on this milk mystery?
Endoxan(cyclophosphamide)?
Aspirin-honey mask question trying to get rid of acne!?
Is my acne a allergic reaction?
Can I get a real answer to my question please?
I have a very irritating rash and I thought it was poison oak.but?
Breaking out in a rash--don't know what has caused it?
Too. what has caused this?
How do you make poison oak go away after two weeks and five days?
Good tips for falling asleep?
I need sleep!!! any good tips for sleeping?
"Celiac disease is what i've been referred for. I don't know if I should go, I mean how are they going to help me?"
Can you give me quick eczema advice?
Tips on actually losing weight?
Sick of being fatcan't seem to lose weight :/ ?
When I use it and the pain comes back. how long does a steroid nasal spray usually take to work?
Looking for allergy solution?
Serious steroid nasal spray questions?
"I quit smoking 5 months ago! yay! now, are terrible allergies normal?"
Can I take naphcon a eye drops?
I have a nasonex question?
Any solution to the below allergy that I am having now fro more than 2 months?
"Migraine sufferers, have any of you tried the headache free vitamin?"
"My neurologist suggested it, but it is kind of a lot for vitamins. has anyone tried them, are they worth it?"
What is the price for allegra?
Last 2 years almost. any ideas?
Dog with out having to do the full allergy test?
Do I have a cold or is this allergies?
I'm congested everywhere?
Should I go to the doctor?
I'm sick please help?
Strange bug-bite-like bumps on leg?
Headache help please!!!?
"Chronic hives, help!?"
Why is my shepherd itchy with no fleas?
My nose is stuffed bad?
How do I stop coughing ?
Why do I always have a stuffed nose?
Sinus pain!!! any advice please?
"Allergy tablets do nothing, is this an allergy?"
Question about asthma attacks?
Only feeling worse help?
Only getting sicker help?
Why do I have pressure in my head?
Why am I always getting sick?
Black feelers reaching out of cracks in window frame?
And put it away. would anyone be able to tell me if this is black mold?
Can you diagnose my symptoms?
Is this dangerous mold?
Dizzyness and chest pains?
Am I allergic to bananas?
Im allergic to bananas and I swole up yesterday?
I'm allergic to cashews help!?
It safe to take benadryl?
Allergies different with different cats?
Asthma returned after years?
The same time) is this even possible?
"Some time before it rids me of my allergies. but how can I make my house allergy friendly, and possibly get rid of my cat allergy?"
Does my daughter have a dairy allergy/intolerance?
Daily limit for dairy for a year and a half now. is she developing a dairy allergy?
Gluten hyperactivity?
Can anyone answer my stomach problems?
Diarreoh help i'm not lactose then what can it be?
"Please help, any advice info appreciated?"
Very tiny harmless looking black bugs?
Pineapple allergy :/?
Could I have a potato allergy?
"Shrimp allergy, lip blisters, not allergic to lobster or crab?"
Braces with a tongue piercing?
Could this be a food allergy?
I need help and all the information u have about tongue piercing!?
Questions about peanut and tree nut allergies?
Does anyone know where I can get medical id tags with free ingraving?
Like cherries or peaches?
Wheat free diet plan?
Are these symptoms of a wheat allergy?
Cravings and bad habbits?
"Any advice, is this normal & I should not worry?"
Does any of this lead to a brain tumour?
Could someone please explain these results to me?
What's causing my strange symptoms?
Stemming from my concussions?
How common is a chicken allergy?
Question about allergy shots.?
Does this sound like a mushroom allergy?
Weird feeling in both of my legs?
S anyway by going through medical professionals I can get my peanut allergy reduced so that I no longer need an epi-pen?
Some time after digestion. so I a wondering if he has a peanut allergy?
"Collapsed reveals a medical alert bracelet that warns of peanut allergy,what should be the next step?"
Why does my ear have its own heartbeat?
Lactose intolerance or not?
So confused. am I lactose intolerant or what?
Could my horse have an allergy to glucosamine sulfate or chondroitin sulfate?
Anyone with a shellfish allergy?
Do I have a shellfish allergy?
What are these symptoms of?
"Please help! my throat, it's hard to swallow I fear I won't breathe soon!?"
I have a peanut alergy question?
"If eating peanuts will make my throat swell up, what would happen if I rubbed peanut oil on my penis?"
Is this a type of asthma?
Razor burn or an std?
Am I allergic to gelato?
What illness could this be?
"years old and getting breathless,chest pain and other symptoms?"
Hiv sign and symptom?
Shaking of penis and come out sperm out of our body may causes hiv?
An hiv/aids question?
Does hiv cause infertility in men?
About mucinex d and my situation please read?
Please read and give me advice on my sinus issues.?
About sinus infections?
Will my asthma be okay in miami?
Ive got bad copd from usual?
What harm could this do to you?
I just got my blood pressure done & im very concern?
Hiv and aids question?
seconds later I applied hand sanitizer. do I have aids or hiv?
"Today, I almost succeeded my suicde attempt off of vancouver lions gate bridge.?"
"Do not drink any product of frooti, as a workr from the company has added his blood contaminated with aids?"
I saw this news on fbwhat is this?
How can I exactly can I cover my cuts up?
Now a days how many rupees hiv& aids medicine in india ?
What is this condition?
What is this medicine used for?
"My friends little sister is one month old, two months on january 29. what is ic diphenhist for?"
Does anyone have or know about this eye condition I have?
Allergic reaction to medicine.?
It started friday (now saterday night) and my wrist was really itchy now my arm is really itchy and it has red dots all over it! help ?
How to get rid of a rash?
Why does my skin itch and burn really badly?
What could be wrong with me?
Feeling sick I need help please?
Always feeling tired?
I lost my sense of smell!?
Allergy all over body from thigh to head. does not heal even after medication . I am on citrizine tablets now.?
Might be causing this?
What is wrong with me?
Up with migraines. have I developed an allergy to chocolate?
Eye allergy help question?
What does it mean if my eyes are red and burning?
I cannot hear very well out of my right ear! help!?
How will this effect me?
How much are allergy shots?
"Caused by pollen, dust, hay fever, etc. without getting an allergy shot every two weeks?"
Allergies or sinus infection?
To get a allergy test is stupid expensivewith out having to do the full allergy test?
I went to a dermatologist (sp?
Why does my throat feel dusty?
Does anyone else have unexplained stomach pains?
Should I go to the dr and get a food allergy test?
Medical question- answer please?
Need help anyone can answer?
Women what should I say to her about this?
What should I do about this?
Effects of not stopping?
Should I go to the doctor for a painful distended stomach?
Stomach pains and poop!?
Singulair and allergies?
Can this be an allergy of some sort?
Is it allergic reaction?
Is it possible to be allergic to sexual intercourse?
Biology- inflammatory diseases?
Antithyroglobulin antibody titer test result?
Hepatitis b vaccine series?
Is it dangerous to get all my vaccines again?
Pink pork toxoplasmosis?
"And im 4""11-5""0 and I have asthma and I take inhalers and the nebulizersummer?"
"But if i'm around one person smoking a tobacco cigarette, my lungs start to close up. why is that?"
My beautiful girlfriend keeps passing out?
Big leg rash that is bad?
Vaginal problems helppp?
Pink patches on skin?
Help my 4month old skin conditions?
How do you donate to a certain cause that doesn't have a charity?
Recently I m detected with anti-tpo as 88what it means?
How do I read my thyroid test results?
Is it possible that this could be my problem?
Nasal allergy.. my dad has also same..?
Am I allergic to dogs?
Why isn't my medication working as well as it used to?
Needle skin sensation?
I have weird feelings and thoughts?
"Teenage girl, what's wrong with me?"
"Somthing triggered my self harm, need some advice?"
Might I have asthma or am I just unfit?
I think I have exercise asthma?
Does anyone else use a asthma inhaler?
Squats change the bottom?
I was allergic to fish. is it okay to still take thus complement?
Does this seem like a good vitamin combo?
How does depression cause fatigue?
Or is it just a simple route for your doctor to give u something to shut u up?
Having trouble with life will anyone talk to me I need a friend ?
I have a vision problem?
Become very red and 'raw'any ideas?
Flaky dry penis glans skin?
I'm super itchy and don't have any allergy pills left. can I use hydrocortisone cream on my face?
Dry flaky skin on penis glans?
Become very red and 'raw' any ideas?
Why is my skin so itchy?
I bought slender tone abs today but I have red when you can not use it can you help read down?
Help me identify this problem on my wrist?
Is there federal aid to have surgery on my really bad hemorrhoids with no insurance?
And it's a little red. I took some zyrtec and put hydrocortisone cream on it. has this ever happened to you?
I realize its good to have a first aid kit but I was wondering what is in a first aid kit?
"What exactly is hydroxyz pam , and what is it used for?"
Will this dosage kill me?
"Hi this is jaya prakash, im suffering from itchy skin?"
Can you please help figure out why my kids keep getting sick!?
What are the normal values for igg?
Why does my internal environment feel weak?
Help to diagnose exact disease in my wife body as all doctors fail to diagnose present cause of illness.?
The flu twice in 2 weeks?
How can I help my dog adjust to my allergy routine?
How can I not get allergic to my cats?
Herpes hsv 01 question?
Helicobacter pylori blood test result positive or not?
Couples questions about herpes please?
Genital herpes type 1 possible misdiagnoses?
What is your opinion about pragnancy?
Hepatitis and hiv result question?
Ab positive what medication must we take?
Please help regarding genital herpes!?
"Hello! i,ve been rested for the acon hiv rapid test, this test read igg and igm?"
Igg and igm reading this makes it two. but reading other igg igm is better?
Can anyone explain these test results for hepatitis b?
What does aids really stand for?
"Depression,paranoia ?"
Will my boobs get bigger?
Does anyone else experience this symptom with crest /scleroderma?
How can I cope with this?
How can I learn to cope?
Why have health care costs skyrocketed through the roof these last 10-15 years?
He took a big gash out of my arm and am feeling like I wana through up. I don't know if he had shot or not what should I do?
A child got bitten by a dog?
Chronic liver disese of an 88 yr old man?
How do I loose 50-80 pounds without working out?
Like only eat fruits and veggies?
Can a 16 year old buy diet pills?
"Something that flares up in people with weakened immune systems, right?"
How does the immune system fight leptospirosis in animals?
How does the immune system fight leptospirosis in animals generally?
Why is this chest infection so bad?
I'm confused about aids and hiv ?
That I last gave the vaccine..what should I do?
Do my daughters test results indicate lupus?
Igg test for food allergies?
Can someone tell me about this test?
Can you help me write a conclusion for my speech about allergies?
Allergy screening blood test results?
Non-specific inflammation in pathology work?
"Breaking out in hives, why?"
Are allergy tests free in scotland?
Immunology questions - antigen specificity?
The following relates to generation of diversity in b-cells. does each source impact antigen specificity?
) which of the following are the two modes of immune attack directed against invading microbes?
Why is the igg4 a little high in the immunology results?
points to the best answer!! answer fast!?
Help!!! research paper on immunology!!!!!!?
"Will there ever be a cure for acne, aids, asthma, cancer and diabetes?"
Hello everyone and how are you all?
Medical question/help please?
If a twelve year old were to get a heart transplant howling might they have to take immunosuppressants for?
"Desperateunusual skin lesions (photos included), very concerned. doctors are baffled.?"
Did you get a lung transplant or know someone that did?
Crohn's disease questions?
Questions about chronic rejection of a heart transplant?
With full blown aids. how on earth would immunosuppressive drugs help?
A question regarding ppd test?
What does a cancer registrar do?
This question is obviously for denisedds. and where does a cancer registrar work?
At home immunotherapy?
Say that we have no allergist doctor in this place?
"Immunotherapy for dog. I am doing the build up phase. the first shot was .1ml, the second shot was .2ml?"
"However, he still itches as bad as before the shots were even given. should I continue to .3ml or drop down to .1?"
Is there a cure to anthrax?
Oral allergy syndrome?
Engineered antibodies and immunotherapy?
But the terminology seems to be interchangeable. do all immunotherapies use engineered antibodies?
How long until mood face goes away?
Question about daughter asthma?
I'm worried. please help me?
What happens if you take 3 puffs of an inhaler?
Some help with a personal problem?
Allergic reaction or worse?
Ve felt fine until this time. i'm thinking it could be a latex allergy?
Candida clensing while fasting?
Celiac disease. how were you diganosed?
If this is true. can anyone say what has happend with them and what diet they chose?
Low or high stomach acid?
Why am I still so bloated?
Why am I always so bloated?
"Pollen allergy solution!! red, itchy eyes?"
Not sure if allergy or sinus infection?
Is my sneezing normal?
Pollen allgergies! please help!?
Pollen allergies---- help!!!?
But I still have a cough?
Stevens-johnson syndrome/modafinil (modalert) usage?
Question about lamotrigine?
I have taken antibotic for infection and then I read about steven johnson syndrome as a possible side effect.?
"I keep losing weight, I need to know if I should get my thyroid checked.?"
Why have my hands started trembling?
Can any medical professional give me some sound advice on this matter?
Actifed replacement ?
"Abnormal ""thing"" from orgasm?"
Whats wrong with my gums?
What causes of dandruff?
"Hello, I am on probation and got some kratom. i've looked on the web for a good solid answer. will I fail my drug test for smoking it?"
Need help with research on hpv?
In biology . I learn that a form of immunity (passive natural) is when a mothers antibodies pass to her child?
But wouldn't this test come up abnormal if I had an immunological disorder such as hiv?
Some help with health questions?
Need help understanding hepatitis b blood test?
Tested positive for hcv virus?
Sheet that said I tested positive for hepatitis c antibodies. how?
Do I have a disorder?
What are my chances of having herpes?
Can I be hiv negative after 25 days?
Wondering about the urgent care facility?
Can anyone please help?
Confusing results of blood tests for autoimmune disease?
Is this really ibs or is it celiacs disease?
Can someone identify my skin condition?
What are my chances of having hypereosinophilic syndrome?
Sound like I meet the criteria of someone who has hypereosinophilic syndrome or is this just a false alarm due to a slight infection or allergy?
"Can my bladder have a ""cold""?"
To gain weight (about 3000 cals) to gain weight. so could it be malabsorption?
Sore hard bloated stomach?
Please please help me!?
Why am I always bloated!?
"Liquid, so would any of these do it?"
Traveling itchy skin condition on from neck to feet?
Help something feels like its stuck in my throat!!!?
Period tablets effect?
"If someone takes four amoxicillin, two cetirizine, and two advil, what would probably happen to them?"
Claritin d - post nasal drip?
Alternate of periactin (cyproheptadine)?
"Where from I can bought ""periactin""(syrup or tablets)?"
Can a primary care doctor refer me to hospital admission on these grounds?
Do I need prescription in australia?
Can you get high on cyproheptadine?
Does it help with weight gain ?
Insane patients/people ?
"Of paracetamol with 2000 mg of ibuprofen with a massive dose of cyproheptadine ,all at once , I mean c'mon are these people insane ?"
I cant eat to fullness. why does eating sometimes make me tired and nauseous?
If I massage on any gland will it produce more hormones?
The organ that's on the anterior end of the kidney (10 points)?
Question about shampoo ingredients?
Help!!thymoma postoperative immunity?
Which two are part of the respiratory system?
"International cancer day-monday-04022013.do you want to know, if you have cancer?"
Then I took predonson medicine .the second day I felt better.what can we call that?
"Describe the body location of each of the following endocrine organs: anterior pituitary, pineal gland, thymus?"
Do cancer ports hurt?
I have a bit of a cold and now I just read that you shouldnt mix the two together. should I call the hospital?
Any good otc allergy medicines with these active ingredients?
Coricidin over the counter cold pills?
What is the suitable condition for pseudoephedrine or dextromethorphan or diphenhydramine or chlorpheniramine?
When we prefer to write each of them ?
Brain tumor or ear problems?
Ear pain and dizziness?
Is this healthy or maybe I should ask how can I keep it healthy?
Anyone got a surefire fix for leaky gut?
I always have mucus/snot in my throat.?
What is a good home remidey for sore throuhgts?
How to help a sore throat!?
Why does my breath smell?
Sleep apnea or panic attack?
Symptoms..thyroid probelms..any advice would be appreciated?
Gfr >60 and bad ana test :( what does it mean?
Bone tumor possibilty?
Is this a symptom of ulcerative colitis?
I am really conscious about myself?
Medication quit working?
Has anyone taken medication for psoriasis?
"Help me with my skin condition ""psoriasis""?"
Why are my legs so itchy when I walk?
Im itching all over my body?
Why do I have itches all over my body?
Can someone in the medical field help?
Floor crying with scratches like i've been itching all over me. please?
The skin. I googled them and it looked like I got urticaria. is this really urticaria?
Have you experience hives before?
I have a skin rash question?
"Itching with uncomfort, excercise, and heat?"
"Extremely itchy rash, what could it be!!?"
What could this itchy rash be?
Horrible red itchy rash! please help?
"then yesterday I broke out in a random red, flat itchy rash all over body! i've never had this before! is this normal?"
Can you appeal reduction in short term disability?
"When i'm in pain silivia builds in my mouth, why does it do this?"
Spice drug side effects?
And can it cause skin illnesses?
Quick medical question!?
Parts of the cell involved in the non specific and specific immune responses are?
Why can't immune system unable to fend off polio virus?
What are these red bumps on my cheeks?
This is so great when it does this?
Just wanted to know if it was still safe?
Fatigue & being emotional?
I went to see a allergy specialist last week?
"I have a 2 y/o male gsd for 2 years now, can my mom suddenly be allergic to him?"
Should I let sun shine in my room or keep it dark?
I have chronic hives..! pls help..!!!?
Why do I cough up phlegm after laughing?
"Second hand smoking, breathing?"
Is there anything I can do to get my downstairs neighbors to stop smoking indoors?
Prior) have any negative effects on you over time?
Can weed be second hand smoked?
Why does my tongue itch?
Why are my lips so dry?
Does this happen when you have a yeast infection?
What illness is this?
What's wrong with my boyfriend?
How can I get rid of a bump on my face?
"Wednesday I got spider bites, and now today my lips swollen how do I put the swelling down?"
"They also itch, can this be signs of a yeast infection?"
Are my lips swollen or not?
They don't hurt in any way but it just looks bigger than usual?
Teens who have neurocardiogenic syncope?
Do I qualify for cal-sdi under these icd-9 codes?
What is this condition called?
How come no one can find a cure for me?
Do I have celias disease?
Am I allergic to beer?
Why can't I get rid of my acne?
Diarrhea 3-4 times a day?
Pneumonia/asthma/chronic cough problems for 7+ months?
Different coloured inhalers help?
It says that it will be allergy skin testing and will take approx. 3 hours what will they do?
Am I allergic to my stitches?
What are the best ways to cheat a pulmonary function test?
How much does a pulmonary function test cost ?
Does anyone know if this is asthma?
What are three important fungal diseases of humans?
What are good types of allergy meds?
Ever since I moved to tennessee?
What kind of bug bite is this?
My eyes are twitching?
Problem with roof of mouth?
Why do I have difficulty breathing sometimes?
Started with the dentist?
Ready for an out of body experiences iv heard nitrous oxide can do this so now I want to know is this true ?
What color is this anesthetic?
Will I be allergic to marijuana?
& what is laughing gas like?
Tooth cavity filling?
Cavities and wisdom teeth?
"Well, I went to my regular dentist appointment, and guess what?"
"Regional anesthesia, question?"
Starting new medication?
Severe headache after lumbar epidural steroid injection. in hospital now.?
How do you prove a dental malpractice?
Will anesthesia make me say embarrassing things?
"What is an ""anesth tech fee per unit?"
month old baby tooth extraction?
First time having surgery?
Any go under while having this issue?
Of the broken teeth. can I eat or drink water with the anesthesia?
I'm really worried about my acl?
What is the difference in between a nurses assistant and a recovery room nurse?
"In a recent surgery I had, a nurse anesthetist was used instead of an anesthesiologist. should I be concerned?"
Is this like a physicians assistant or nurse practitioner vs an md?
"Good news is, i'll be knocked out completely. but I have so many fears.. what if I wake up during the procedure?"
I have a few questions about when I got my wisdom teeth out?
How to get surgery without health insurance?
Getting two wisdom teeth taken out i'm scared!!?
I'm getting braces on thursday help mee?
And want to get my details correct. can someone tell me what this anesthetic might be?
Can't stop coughing please help?
Something wrong with my stitches and local anesthetic?
How dangerous would it be not to get this done?
T eat any foods with acid in it like orange juice etc. im getting local anesthetic. does that go into my gums or arm?
Why did micheal jackson die?
Tips for mouth ulcers?
Why morphine doesn't work for my sister pain?
I think I found heroin?
Can u and how to make morphine lollipops?
months of severe neck pain with neurological problems too: can someone help me?
A question about pain and home health remedies?
Of the dentist. so i'm wondering if I should do local or general anesthesia?
Is this an awkward feeling?
Why do hospitals make me nervous?
"I know drinking allot of water, what else?"
Is louana coconut oil pure virgin coconut oil?
Does it have the same benefits as pure virgin oil?
Hydrocodone maximum amount dose!?
Some questions about lortab 5 vs. percocet 10?
Need a topic for a paramedic/emergency medicine paper?
Rsv case study help!!?
How did my grandfather pass away?
General anesthetic question please help urgently!?
Should ambulance agenicies use an advanced life support system or just a basic life support system?
"Before the operation. also, could the bruises be caused during intubation?"
I need help on the following drugs please how long will they stay in my system?
"Machanism of action for thiopental ,propfol ,ketamine?"
Why don't more psychiatrists prescribe ketamine?
What type of drug would do this?
Where I was. anyone have any clue?
Autopsy and toxicology report?
Should I go to the dentist with alchohol in my system?
I saw on google with some foreskin and there penis were at 5-6inches and when they pup it back it spreads so I wonder will it spread if I grew it?
Men: are you circumcised or uncircumcised?
"Desperate seek help with glans tip pain and red meatus, any idea?"
Tonsilectomy questions?
Would liposuction be a good option for me?
What is having surgery like?
Adult circumcision post operation and recovery concerns?
How much does a cyst removal cost if its in the palm of the hand?
Is it really possible for someone to die from knee surgery?
"I have malignant hyperthermia, and i'm going to be having surgery?"
Will I vomit during a scope?
"Please check transcription, see if it sounds right. thank you.?"
When you have marcaine removed from your pain pumb can you have hirreha?
Steroid knee injections?
What will show up on my health insurance bill?
"Discharge papers don't say I was given narcan (opioid specific) but I was, so would that show up on insurance or not?"
If I still want a high should I get on suboxone or methadone?
If I want that high feeling should I get on methadone or suboxone?
Appendix plz help 10 points?
How can I get a medical marijuana card in michigan?
Speical dr for him to prescribe it?
What is the process for obtaining a court oder alcohol drug rehab for my 32 yr old son?
I'm a recovering addictco-worker told me he took some pills?
Cracked tooth causing pain. no dental insurance?
"Cramps bad, can't get medicine?"
Why are doctors prescribing pain meds to ppl that ten years ago would only be for cancer or terminal patients?
Can I go on disability to come off suboxone?
How do I know if my doctor suspects prescription painkiller abuse?
Tonsil removal please I need advice?
If hydrocodone and oxycodone both do am I basically out of luck?
Can someone please answer!?
"How could my pharmacy fill the same narcotic prescription at cvs on the same day, just at different locations.?"
Sinus headacheplease help?
Possible status migrainosus?
Can a depressed teen fail high school because they can't focus on school work?
Will I be gripping the seat handles?
What drugs do I get ?
What gross things do nurses have to face?
How much does a nurse anesthetiste make?
How much does a nurse anesthetist make?
I have a few questions about being a nurse?
Local anesthetics and oxygen problems?
Should I be an anesthesiologist or nurse anesthetic?
For electroshock therapy for bipolar does it take insurance?
If it does what insurances does it take?
What is crna(certified registered nurse anesthetists) daily routine looks like?
"I feel like it's unbearable to continue living, but nobody seems to understand. what do I do?"
I'm having trouble keeping clean from prescription pain killers?
Are there any opiate drug tests I can pass?
Does anyone know an opiate test I can pass?
"Sociability, physically, and mentally?"
Serious problem! I really need advice on this one! medical?
False positive on drug test!?
Pain management drug screen?
Psoas muscle surgery?
Anyone know a dr. that's not afraid to prescribe pain medication for chronic back pain?
Pain management guidelines(texas)?
Why would I still be having really bad stomach pain and hurt so bad during and after sex although I already?
My bowels or my stomach lining?
"I just wanted to know what it felt like, or does it only work on the skin & not the inside of the arm?"
Can anyone help plz is this serious?
Is it intermittant angle closure or something else?
What exactly do they do. where do they put the iv at. and what else will they use?
Is roxanol legally attainable in australia?
Is the hydro and the oxy in codone pain pills the same?
I'm a 19 year old mother iv using synthetic heroine?
Orally< which medication is more effective?
Pills for overdose and kill yourself?
"Now i'm only curious not actually gonna commit suicide, but when it comes to od by pills, which tablets are most effective?"
What does a drug test at the lab consist of?
"I heard there is a drug addicts use for that, it's a subject in school about sedatives. I can't find much on it, but anyone know which one it is?"
Don't know what to do now?
Don't like because I don't really need an ambulance I need to be bloody sedated or put down! what to do?
What is it like in a mental institute?
Food rooms -- roomate or single mornings afternoons evening nights routines?
Please answer me: do you think he can survive (pneumonia)?
Do you think he might make it?
Sedation during mri question?
I'm going to have to get my wisdom teeth taken out soon and I was just wondering what happens afterward?
How can I start sleeping again?
Are there any free or low cost dental programs out there for adults?
How many tylenol 3's equal a percocet?
I need a verse from the bible for someone in rehab?
Anger issues. please help.?
Question about antidepressants?
Teenager with back pain?
From the whole spine being connected to my whole body thing. is nerve blocking a good idea?
How long untill I can walk with less pain?
"To post a book on anesthesia,?"
"By dr.ln rao, retired professor of anesthesiology. can anyone tell me whom to approach for this?"
Can you give me a list of all the types of surgeons you can think of?
Or is it more focused in biology?
Can my sister take ibuprofen?
"Tooth extraction, help?"
Resolved question: when does my hearing come back from an ear infection?
What should I do now?
Low pressure headache after lumba puncher?
What should I do about my wisdom teeth?
Wisdom teeth removal questions?
Can I use an oral topical anesthetic gel on my hemerrhoids?
Swollen/painful gums?
Remove fever blisters on the first day?
My lip really hurts!?
"Canker sores, please help!?"
"Type 1 genital herpes, many questions about pain?"
Should I have a breast biopsy?
"What does ""breast cancer awareness"" want me to know?"
"There are so many breast cancer awarness campaigns, i'm definitely aware of it, but what do they want to tell me actually?"
Mom breast cancer biopsy?
Breast biopsy. for my mom help?
Do any of these drugs alter borth control?
Does breast enlargement for vanity make a woman pretentious?
Natural breast enlargement?
I want bigger boobs !!!!!!!!!!!!!?
") also if not from aus, how was your experience of breast enlargement?"
How do I make my breasts bigger?
Breast lump removal on the nhs?
I just had a mammogram and ultrasound. now they want an uktrsound?
Or is this just a waste of money?
Has anyone had breast reduction surgery?
Is this normal healing for a breast reduction surgery?
Are big breast heavy?
Teen reduction surgery?
Should I be worried about this blemish?
Breast tumor or breast cancer?
Please give me the answer of this question with link for prove?
She has it on her left breast the size of a quarter and it looks almost bruised. what should I ask the doctor?
What is this lump in my breast?
"I've found a lump in my right breast, and i'm afraid it is breast cancer. details in description.?"
Should I go for check-up?
"I'm 16, and I have a lump in my left breast?"
Lump in my right breast?
"Hi, i'm 24 year married girl, I want to ask about my breast fibroid. I got my biopsy result.?"
Leave it till it doesn't bother me. but what I should?
Why is my doctor suggesting a biopsy under these circumstances?
What can I do to help the extreme pain i'm in?
"For anyone who has had a fibroadenoma, in your opinion, should I get someone else to take a look?"
What could the lump under my skin be?
Why do my boobs hurt?
I'm 15 and my boobs have been killing me nonstop for about a week?
Lump in breast!!! help!!! girls and women only!!!?
Stage 2 breast cancer her-negative and 1 lymphnode cancerous?
"Since trillions of dollars have been given to cancer research, and very little improvement in treatment?"
I heard a rumor that vitamin e helps increase your breast size. what do you guys think?
Wondering if there are any simple exercises that can help increase breast size. or would you not recommend it for girls my age?
Breast went from a 34b to a d?
Switch to a different type. what pill gives the largest amount of increased breast size?
Increasing breast size?
Ways to increase breast size help me please!?
How can I increase increase breast size?
Is there a conversion from intron-a to peg-intron?
Dosage is intron-a 5 million iu three times per week is there any way to convert that to a peg-intron dosage?
I have inverted nipples!?
Inverted nipples please help?
Slightly inverted nipple question ?
"Breast development, awkward q?"
"Everyday, and I know that most runners have small breasts. I also have inverted nipples, can I still be developing breasts and have that?"
Inverted nipples. ok or not ok?
"My mom has breast cancer, and that's only part of it, what should I do?"
Breast cancer question?
"When can I expect to be back to ""100%"" after breast cancer surgery and radiation?"
To be back to normal?
Stage1 breast cancer advice/ opinions/ suggestions?
When to tell a guy i'm a breast cancer survivor?
Male breast cancer question?
I bit my husband's balls?
Is this something to worry about from a mammogram?
Does anyone actually do this?
Needle biopsy of breast lump at 17?
"years old, lump in breast?"
It and only realized they had it when they had a routine mammogram. so what's the deal with this?
"Hello everyone, can anyone answer this, please?"
"I am a 15 age boy ,my breast swelling?"
Breast cancer surgery funding?
Do you think im depressed?
Real time data need for detecting frauds done by doctors?
What is coming out of my mothers breast?
How do I support my friend whose mom has cancer?
"What was going on with the leukemia, they've scheduled her mastectomy for next week. what are some ways to show my support?"
Reoccurring infections?
Should I go to the emergency room?
Can my infection spread?
A baby. and by the information I found you only get mastitis when your pregnant because its when you don't express enough milk?
Do you need to be on life support if you get it?
A little paranoid over something?
What recreational drugs can I do with mastocytosis?
How long is the healing process?
Why do so many people wear breast cancer logos?
Can someone plz explain those tumor marker readings?
Hand sanatizer problem?
"Nipple discharge, any help?"
I'm 15 and I have had nipple discharge in my right breast for as long as I can remember?
White nipple discharge. girls only?
What is wrong with my nipple?
"Look at both at my nipples, visually there is no difference. I have no nipple discharge or rash im really scared, what could be wrong with it?"
What is coming out of my breasts?
Does anyone else have this issue?
Chance of going to outties after puberty ?
"So, im 14 and my nipples are like sucked in is that bad?"
Hi. I am very curious about nipple piercing. I was wondering exactly how painful it can be.?
Can I ever get cut up or ripped with my body type?
Girls: inverted nipples should I be worried?
Please help me with my hunchback?
I think I have cancer?
I'm looking for a doctor who can prescribe me the same as my doctor now?
All liquid dietsgood for long term?
Saggy breast at 17 :(?
"Can v keep boobs tight after 2 3 delivery ,if s then what we should do ?"
What do men think of saggy breasts?
"I'm 15 and I have sagging breasts, but I am a d. if I start wearing a bra in my sleep, will that help?"
Does cancer really ruin your finances?
Why are my boobs so weird..?
What should my boobs feel like?
Punched in the chest?
That's what my boss keeps asking me - when can she expect me to be back to normal?
Does anyone know where to get nolvadex (tamoxifen citrate) in newzealand without script?
Can you sue if a drug gives you cancer?
Where can you find case studies on breast cancer?
Good gear in australia for working out?
"Sad because of my body image, help?"
What should I do to my breast?
Help me my nipple is dead?
Ladies that have had breast implants!?
In my doctor's surgery?
"Wisdom teeth removal: local anesthetic, sedation, or general anesthesia?"
"Can my breast surgeon lower one breast,that he admitted to placing too high,in his office without anesthesia?"
Does this mean I have breast cancer?
Is this something serious?
Now I feel bad. does stress really harmful for cancer?
Breast cancer stage 3?
Want to know that is am suffering from breast cancer disease?
Free cancer treatment in kenya?
Itching for two years?
My nipples aren't sensitive at all and never have been. is there something I can do about this?
What is the gyno like ?
Which months are cancer awareness months?
Why does he have a dent?
"Swelling or swollen legs, feet, ankles?"
I'm 18 could I have breast cancer?
Breast large abscess causes?
Breast lump question?
I have a lump that is flat . is that normal?
Should I be worried about my doctor visit?
I found a lump on my breast. help!!!!?
"Breast lump, biopsy, please help.?"
Question about breasts?
Ladies only! please help!!?
Help with breast question?
Red lumps on breasts?
"Pregnancy or cramps, confused?"
Ovulation please help?
Used a condom but he didnt leave a big enough reservoir tip?
A condom um is there a huge chance?
Help with left breast pain?
Is this my period again?
What are the treatments available for gynecomastia in maharashtra?
Do I have gynecomastia?
I just dont kw what to do I just cant make friends?
Why do I have lumps underneath my nipples?
I have gynecomastia and people laugh about me! what to do?
The breast bigger itself?
Why do I keep hurting myself like this?
Hey should I seek help?
Whats wrong with me!?
What would happen if a teen has been alone for a year or so?
I'm antisocial and my family keeps walking in my room?
Am I slowly going insane?
"How can I know if i'm actually depressed or if i'm just self-pitying/ being melancholic, etc?"
How many calories did I eat today?
Why am I crying over a guy i've never met (online dating help)?
Ritalin long term effects help?
How to talk my mother into letting me start taking birth control?
"Please if I want to study the effect of certain chemical substance against leishmania promastigote in vitro, w?"
Can I swap toast for cheerios?
Give in to chocolate cravings?
Very unhealthy food relationship?
Unhealthy food relationship?
Loose weight quick!!!?
Binge eating disorder help?
How can I become healthy?
Am I anorexic or bulimic?
How to lose some extra fat when you are already a healthy weight?
Eating disorders and treatment?
Do I have an eating disorder?
Am I becoming bulimic?
Do I have a eating disorder?
Question about bulimia nervosa?
People with eating disorders?
Information on mental health ?
"I'm 17 years old , I want to check into a mental clinic . I turn 18 on june 25,2013 . how do I go about getting put into a clinic asap?"
Does my 8 years old need a mental health professional?
My story. I don't want to see any counsellors I just want somebody I can talk to online..?
Why do I always feel sad and like I want to cry?
How to lose fat fast?
Is it normal to feel this way?
My concern about bi polar disorder or mild bi polar disorder and hsp (highly sensitive person)?
Do these self harm cuts look real(special effects make up) with pic?
Zpscdcbc0c8.jpg.html?
I'm really worried about my girfriend..?
How do I know if I was sexually abused?
Why do men forget to wash themselves down there and smell awful?
How to get a high school girl in bed with you?
"Im a 15 year old male virgin, and iv been really wanting to loose my v card. any tips?"
Hi I am 27 years male.?
Does it sound like he has ptsd?
Can you claim disability if you have non verbal communication disorder?
Is it normal to be diognosed in more than 1 thing ?
Talking to mom about re-testing for disorders?
What is going on with my personality?
Autistic bipolar conduct disorder compulsive adhd.6 yr old.?
Should I forgive my mom for all she has put my through?
Anyone else finding the nhs mental health services rubbish?
"Can you give me advice about this family situation please, what should I do - what are your views?"
"Please help, I have absolutely no one to talk to =*(?"
Can anyone help me please?
Scared to tell my counsellor the truth?
How much weight would be lost?
How much weight would they lose?
Help with mri results need explaning lol?
"Failure to thrive. really scared, need advice?"
Low fecal elastsse - does it point to cf?
Elevated igm levels in a 4 year old?
"Also, if you know the degree of whatever effects, could you add that?"
Mom has failure to thrive she hasn't peed in 24hrs what to do?
I've got a lump under both my nipples?
I am 13 and a girl I just hit puberty..i think like two months ago but is this breast development?
What should I do when I get so horny and wet (girl)?
I think I have body dysmorphic disorder?
Does anyone think I may have either of these two mental issue?
Body dysmorphic disorder?
Should I tell my parents(child abuse)?
What is the easiest way to end my life?
What's wrong with me?
Death of child blunt force trauma to head.?
Do you think im underweight?
"You problems such as intrusive thoughts, anxiety, depression, adjustment disorders, etc. could you be cured by just leaving the house forever?"
Still feeling like a child?
I am working for the future but just want to die?
Medical marijuana card nevada?
I've been crying for the past 3 days need opinions please?
Do I have adjustment disorder?
Am I at a healthy weight?
Am I healthy for a 16 year old girl?
How to lose 40 pounds for a teenage girl?
Is anyone taking this for these 'illnesses'?
"I don't understand what is wrong with me, please help?"
Question about separation anxiety?
I cut my bf's name into my arm?
My dad and stepmom. how can I not feel so homesick?
Was this a panic attack?
How would I go about this hep c treatment?
When long have pregnant women known to limit caffeine consumption?
Do you think she's autistic?
How can I find my medical/health background?
Depressed or just my age ?
"Please help, is this normal?"
Is this a mental health disorder ?
Everyone has turned they're backs on me?
Reached out to college counselor about abuse she asked me if had been hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital?
"Of councilling where the woman had no idea about mental illness, only domestic abuse?"
Is this normal for me to be depressed?
I don't know why i'm feeling like this again?
Elderly people very negative all the time?
Mental illness or teenaged hormones?
Overdosed 48 hours ago am I going to be okay?
Anyone tried hydroxycut drink mixes?
Overdose of imodium and joy rides take together 24 tablets!?
Why are so many people on ldl-lowering drugs when being so is not necessary?
"Something when they're actually cheating themselves. do you think people lack discipline, education, or some combination of both?"
Can I reap the benefits of weight loss programs without actually joining them?
I am 14 and I am always really sad and crying!?
Will starving yourself help you loose weight?
"I'm too lazy, I don't do anything?"
"I'm 14, do I have intermittent explosive disorder?"
How mant percent of world population suffers from some kind of mental disorder?
Am I a late bloomer or whatever?
Does it also help people who has anxiety disorder.?
"Psych disorder, or just uncontrollable obsession?"
Shall adhd(attention deficit hyperactivity disorder) people be at a mental institute!?
If they are hyper and not taking meds and has all of the symptoms of adhd?
Can anyone help me with some adult autism questions?
I'm 18 and I think I have autism?
Are these symptoms of a mental health disorder?
Also what are the symptoms of autism?
"Psych eval done at age 16, now 41, is orig. test still valid, or has too much time passed by?"
Am I healthy or am I mental?
"Serious,respectful and educated answers, please. this is nothing to joke about.?"
Do men with autism spectrum disorders stalk women?
Because they aren't very good at having relationships?
I'm wondering why my boyfriend of 4 years doesn't show me affection?
Do I have an anxiety of some sort?
Anxiety is taking control of my life please help?
It's like a placebo pill. nothing happens i'm the exact same. did anyone's doctor do this to me too?
This is so important im worried that I may have taken to many pills?
How long will it take me to get physically fit and and at top health?
"Enfp adhd add, anyone, advice?"
Does my friend have a drinking problem?
How do I get a doctor to prescribe me ritalin?
Can I take ritalin & sinutab at the same time?
Can strattera be more effective than ritalin for adhd?
What happens you snort 40mg of strattera?
Nothing will happen right?
Having trouble not taking vyvanse?
How to get adderall online with a prescription?
Adderall problem - help?
Adderall and vyvanse safeness?
Adderall withdrawal help.?
Adderall euphoria gone forever?
So far enough for anyone to consider the fact that I may just have add/adhd?
What the hell is wrong with me?
How can I tell my parents that i'm taking medication again im 17?
Why was I never told what was actually wrong with me by the child mental health team?
Ocd or because I am honestly so confused?
Can't stop because of overwhelming urges?
I need more reasons to live plz help?
Why do people bite their cuticles until they bleed?
Does this sound like inattentive add (sorry if its long)?
How can you tell which is which?
What are all the types of depression?
When should you go to counselling?
reasons why I am extremely unhappy?
"Extreme memory loss, i'm 25?"
Help me to cure the natural way?
How to cure the following symptoms please help?
Mental disturbance vs immaturity?
What are my treatment options?
"Does slit wrist suicide hurt, how long does it take to kill you, and does it work?"
What are some facts about abortion?
I dont like it usually but the sex scenes betwween them turn me on?
I like my sisters feet?
I want your help please in something?
What is the best way to increase weight.?
I lied about mental illness?
"In particular, being slow & having trouble focussing, understanding, learning in general etc?"
5% of the time my mind cannot process information and 5% I can remember?
Was this some form of ocd my mother had?
I need a doctor or a concilor now?
What's the point of living?
I want to give up so badly?
Whats wrong with me (20 characters)?
Does this sound like bipolar?
This all be connected?
Is there something wrong with me?
Am I suffering from depression or am I just crazy.?
"People with mental illnesses will be okay, it's up to them if they want to get better?"
If so then the whole world would basically be perfect because they would get help for themselves right?
The strangest sensations.?
Why do I scare really easily?
Don't understand why i'm so depressed over him?
What mental condition do I have?
What the hell is up with shoulder?
What is your opinion on mental illness?
"When you see, or discover, that someone has a mental illness, do you think poorly of them?"
What is wrong with my brother?
Pubic shaving help plz!!@!@!@!?
Where did the united states of america get it wrong?
Are blow up dolls normal?
wks & 2 days just don't feel right.. nauseous & miserable.?
"Is this considered ""emotional abuse""?"
weeks and it hurts to walk I feel alot of pain and pressure?
Trichophagia or pica?
Does these causes have a name?
Er or wait for a doctor's appointment?
What will happen if I ?
Does my dad need to know that I started my first period?
"I'll start by pointing out that I am a 15 year old teenage girl, so maybe this has something to do with hormones or something?"
Am I have brain tumor/cancer?
At what point will I just snap?
Adhd and add please help?
Can selective mutism cause someone to act like a baby?
Please tell me i'm not alone?
How severe does my anxiety sound to you?
Is it possible that I have social anxiety disorder?
Alli'd just nod or shake my head (maybe that'd be selective mutism or something?
How to I get them to see !?
How do I ask for help?
The horrendous crime of the church?
Re-post:ugh I feel like crap help?
Ugh I feel like crap help?
Girls only! questions about period?
Could a therapist do that ?
Can a therapist terminate working with a patient after receiving a suicide note from them ?
"My awful life, whose fault?"
Is this verbally bullying?
Whats wrong with my aunt?
Why is my brothers ts different from what they say?
"Friend having seizures, has had surgery, what does this mean?"
I always feel stupid?
I want to die.. i'm different. I can't help it.?
Do I need to go back to algebra 1 to understand geometry I going crazy?
How do you talk to your parents about possible adhd?
Do I have downsyndrome?
Am I just wasting my doctors time?
Am I wasting my doctors time?
"There is something terribly wrong with my brother, what could it be?"
Why can't you be tested for adhd under the age of 18?
I need psychological help.?
"Zoloft (or any antidepressant) brain zaps, please give advice!?"
What will happen when I see a psychiatrist?
"I'm 13 years old, and I am going to see a child psychiatrist in a few weeks. what is the procedure?"
My sister has a bad case of monophobia help!?
Does it sound like anxiety and depression?
What is the difference between a neurologist and a psychiatrist?
"They both prescribe med, but are they of the same rank or is one more higher than the other?"
I feel hopeless please help.?
Do I have adhd or something else perhaps?
Do I need to get mental help (again)?
Does my mom have borderline personality disorder?
Does anyone take intuniv?
I need the basics ups ans downs and side effects?
Just came back from treatment for cutting. how do I continue cutting without getting caught?
Can you still lose weight on these medications?
Medication causing weight gain?
What is this medicine?
Please give me some tips?
've been on it for about a month. it's called intuniv. how long will it take to work conpletely?
Is this werid (short).?
Could I have asperger based on the dsm-iv criteria?
What are the statistics of tay sachs disease?
"out of how many people have high functioning autism, hfa?"
Fast results. how long does it take to get my teeth whiten this way?
How much for teeth whiten I have cash?
How do I use the true white teeth whitening system advanced plus?
Question about teeth whitening?
Teeth reshaping/whitening?
Anybody know anywhere in uk where they do reshaping and teeth whitening and at what sort of price?
Cold sore please help!?
What can I do about my achne and my achne scars?
Does toothpaste expire?
How to get whiter teeth?
Other solution to braces?
Cute retainer case for teens?
Q about orthodontic retainers?
Oral fistula question.dds please?
Aweful. is there a reason other than my mentioning it a dds could know?
Hw to control the bleeding gums?
What most likely would my breast size be?
"I am getting 2 out during the summer. I have a couple questions. - are you basically ""put under""?"
Something I could do to increase boobs ?
Nothing expensive. no plastic surgery im 17 still using size a in bra ;( something I should eat ?
"Tmj, overbite, help please (photos included)?"
Sometimes forget to brush at night.?
Teeth filling help please?
"Sugar, red meat, caffeine, artificial sweeteners, dairy, and foods that are high in saturated fat?"
Did I really need those dental fillings?
What is the process of getting dental sealants?
Are tooth sealants toxic/harmful in any way?
Dental impressions - upper teeth without the palate to reduce gagging?
How much did your nightguard / splint cost in new zealand?
May have to get a night guard aka dental splint because I have nocturnal bruxism and grind my teeth. how much did yours cost?
Seriously annoying. I would like to ask if botox could cure bruxism or are there any permanent solutions to stop bruxism?
Getting work or surgery done to your teeth?
Dental insurance recommendations?
"Hello, I am looking for a dental insurance that covers everything. which one would you recommend?"
Question about braces?
"Cosmetic dentistry ,dentists who take medicare?"
What is a dental insurance..?
Do anybody know cosmetic dentistry grants or programs will paid for someone who is on ssi benefits?
Do anybody know cosmetic dentistry grant will paid for someone who is ssi benefits?
Do I have type 2 diabetes?
Why am I always thirsty?
Blister on my lip ..help!?
How did dentistry come to start ?
Have you ever had all your teeth pulled?
Of just having them all pulled and going with false teeth. has anyone here done that?
Root canal help please?
Mouthguard questions!!?
Tooth growing out beside another gum?
If I grind my teeth at night?
What is this lump in my mouth?
How do you fix dry mouth?
How to numb painful throat?
I read somewhere that fluoride makes people more compliant and docile and was tested on military personnel ?
Best dental insurance for me?
"Root canal, and gum boil.?"
Stop pain from tooth ache?
Fear of rabies someone clear my doubts in a detailed manner?
Salty taste in mouth?
Do I have a swore throat?
Time( more than 1 year) but my molars don't hurt at all. are they caries?
What are your tips for getting an awesome body?
I'm doing a project on sodium fluoride and I have to explain whether or not a suitable replacement for sodium fluoride exists. do you know of one?
Why does this always happen please help?
Prices of veneers vs crowns?
I was charged for crowns and received veneers; what is the cost difference and is it a personal preference?
Would veneers be worth it?
Information & average cost of dental bonding?
Dental question can anyone help?
My dog (small) went in for teeth cleaning and ended up with bruising and sores all over her chest and stomach?
Can I get some advice on my smile?
Weird feeling about toothbrushes?
Forsus appliance and braces?
What color braces should I get?
Stomach concerns at the moment.?
"Alcoholic mom, afraid she's going to kill herself?"
Feeling run down/tired?
Can I get braces again?
I keep getting something on my tongue?
Losing weight with a 7 month old?
I'm really scared. please help?
Cavity filling please help?
Is being a dentist a interesting job?
"Ugly teeth. self conscious/shy, depressed?"
Anything to support it?
"Hi there, I have to use 5000ppm fluoride toothpaste, today I accidently swallowed a mouth full of it when I was brushing should I be worried?"
Questions I would love to ask my dental hygienist?
Be surprised with the prophy paste flavor?
Gingivitis/periodontal diseas?
Sensitive.is there any way to get strong enough teeth so you never wear any denture or fake teeth(with porcelain)?
I'm 17 and have a problem with my teeth please please see additional details?
Is there any good 1 minute fluoride solutions out there?
Dentists over drilling for money?
"Hungry, i'm on a diet and I just ate a lot of eggs?"
Can I get skinny by summer?
Please can you help me?
Toxin in the body. its killing me?
My teacher has smelly breath?
How can I tell if I have bad breath?
Allergies or sinus problem?
Sinus issues and mucus from irrigation?
At the local state hospital to see what they think. is this neck pain normal with tmj?
Sensitive tooth help?
Do I need my teeth re-whitened?
Wisdom tooth extraction help?
Does a dentist have to remove a wisdom tooth under nhs care?
Wisdom teeth removalhelp?
Does getting a cavity filled hurt. 10 points?
Dental insurance help with benefits.?
How much does a dental filling cost out of pocket?
Change of dental filling?
Dental implant and blood clot loss?
Has anyone had a dental implant?
Was the procedure painful?
I have medicaid in new orleans la I recently had a tooth knocked out #8 I am getting a flipper will medicaid?
How many americans does dmd affect?
How long does it take for tissue to heal?
Used to be (aka healing) ?
Duchenne muscular dystrophy question?
"What is the main difference between a medicine title, and a surgery title?"
What is the difference between a dds and a dmd?
Wisdom teeth pulled\dry socket?
Procedure not becoming a success?
My denist is hurting me on purpose I swear!?
Post wisdom teeth removal?
I can't figure out if I am covered by my dental plan for this procedure?
Tmj question (tooth975)?
Dental coinsurance question?
Help with whitening strips?
Do I have a case against my orthodontist?
Freaking out. help please?
My tooth feels weird?
How much does a braces or invisalign cost?
Questions about braces?
How much does braces cost?
Any dental experts out there?
is there a surgery that can fix this one tooth?
Lingual braces on high canine teeth?
And id like them brought down and I was wondering if lingual braces could be used to bring them down?
What is having braces in college like?
How to prepare for a dental bi-lingual receptionist position ?
Where can I get lingual braces for free?
"I need help understanding my cta chest, please?"
Does midicaid cover lingual braces in ny?
Am I going insane from adderall?
Can I get meth mouth from taking vyvanse?
What happen to my teeth?
Could I have hiv/aids?
I have a question about this drug and what it may be doing to me?
So im 17 and I got some question for people who know what there talking about.?
"Tooth975, is it possible to just reopen premolar extraction sites but not get implants?"
I live in the uk and need help understanding the nhs dental charges?
Has nobody noticed my teeth or are they just being polite?
Tooth extraction question?
I have a loose tooth part 2?
How much would it cost to get my tongue split and would it hurt bad. please read details?
Does anyone know where I can get my tongue split in britain?
How much does getting you're tongue split hurt?
On a scale from 1 - 10 how bad is it?
Why am I still bleeding?
Im getting my wisdom beth removed tomorrow morning and I was wondering if I can eat sunflower seeds tonight?
What is the difference between a dental assistant and an orthodontic assistant?
Can I get free braces at the age of 17 in the uk?
But that can be soved by braces right?
Help need braces parents wont let me?
"Overbite, under bite, deep bite, cross bite which is the hardest to fix orthodontically?"
A trip to the orthodontist?
Does iehp cover braces ?
Dentist put. now my new dentist tells me u need a root canal plus a crown lengthening which cost around 2700. what should I do?
Dental abscess. please help!!?
I have a weird dental abscess?
"What did you do, did your dentist or dr. help you with this problem..?"
"Anyone out there with this same condition and what are my alternatives if this is my problem. cpap, dental appliance, etc?"
I have geographic tongue .. is there any way to get rid of it or atleast make my tongue look better?
Will this be okay for my teeth?
I heard there is a natural remedy but I don't know what ?
"Dental implants or germ insertion germ, because agenesis?"
Tooth hurts (referred pain?
I have a toothache!!!!!!?
What are mental health facilities like?
Have any of you had to have all of your teeth cut out from under your gums?
Dentistry is my dream job?
"What is a ""personal physician""?"
It hurts a bit when things touch and and about half of its gone should I go to an emergency one tomorrow or wait til monday when my usual one is open?
How long after going to the dentist and getting a filling does it hurt for also ect read on plz?
Retainer:what to expect?
Discolored tooth problems?
What is the problem with making yourself sick?
Has anyone had successful treatment for a dislocated jaw?
Can tooth975 please suggest treatment and specialists for dislocated jaw?
Do I have tmj or dislocated jaw?
Chin popping out of place?
"Up about 30-45% of my smile and I hate it. if I got a gingivectomy (removal of excess gum tissue), would my insurance cover it?"
Ideas what it might be?
Relevant. also if anyone knowswhat would a dentist do if I have gingivitis or periodontis or something?
Is it okay if I let my teenage daughter swish with 3% hydrogen peroxide as gingivitis treatment?
I'm just being curiousand by the way how much will he/she take for the treatment?
"I used up all my wax, what should I do.?"
Should I get dentures?
Help me!! its about my gums bleeding!! d:?
Give me your personal opinion please?
Mostly likely coming together fast or if this sounds like some kind of gum disease?
This question is for someone in the dental field or someone who has peridontal gum disease?
It's working pretty good but I just saw that it can give you black hairy tongue. is that true?
I got my wisdom teeth out today and..?
Tell me about getting your wisdom teeth removed?
Does this sound like an impacted wisdom tooth?
I'm getting braces soon: advice?
Help impacted toothneed answers to questions below?
How to avoid cotton mouth when blazing?
Early symptoms of vomiting?
"Literally smells like someone has done a poo in my mouth,how can I stop this?"
Question about oral cancer?
"More specifically, precancer / leukoplakia (not hairy leukoplakia). I you think it could be leukoplakia?"
Could I have oral cancer?
How to get your teeth whiter?
Question about daily life!!! I really need help!?
I have a small hole in my tooth!!!?
There's a scratch inside my throat?
Is this normal for magic mouthwash?
Can I numb my throat long enough to sleep or stop the pain temporarily?
What is the condition of my teeth (with xray pic)?
Under what circumstances would my dentist agree to braces?
Tooth975 about teeth and braces?
"I'll ask again, which one is worse?"
Or the other way around?
Anyone who has or had hodgkins lymphoma my granddaughter has there experiance?
Question from my friend?
Weird metal taste in mouth?
Gastro / mystery illness?
Any help worried alot im scared?
Whats going on with me heellllpppppp?
Please advisekidney failure?
What sickness do I have?
Was I having panic attack?
Can someone pinpoint my symptoms?
I'm having a weird taste in my mouth.what could it be?
I do brush them everyday how can I get hold of anti biotics?
Is meth relly that adictive?
I presently have dental insurance and my dentist started a bride for 3 missing bottom teeth. the insuranc doe?
Do I have to get braces again?
Would smoking shish/hookah affect you if you don't swallow the smoke?
Do I have tonsil or mouth cancer or something?
Question is if I stop now am I still going to get mouth cancer?
Cancer or just irritation please help?
My 9 year old chocolate lab has oral cancer.?
My chocolate lab has cancer(pretty developed) and tumors in her mouth.?
Should I drink fruit juice?
My throat is sore and my mouth itches?
Extremely painful heartburn?
Watery discharge from eyes and bad taste in mouth?
Strep/sore throat/tonsillitis?
I think im going to die!?
A question about herbal tinctures.?
Sudden toothache or gum ache?
Mouth injury and smoking help?
Nothing works: toothache/cavity?
My tongue is irritated and sore?
How can I get my parents to take my oral medical worry seriously?
Chewing tobacco in marines to stay awake.?
Prednisone and ranitidine oral medicine question?
University dental plan (canada)?
So I was wondering what does the university dental plan cover?
Do I need a retainer?
Tooth extractions and bone loss?
How noticeable is the herbst appliance?
Question on my retainer?
"Hi. so I know I have been asking this question like for quite a lot of time, but is there any way to straighten about a slight overjet?"
"Feeling wrecked for 2 weeks, what could this be?"
"Dear tooth975, question about functional orthodontics?"
Braces on adult teeth?
Getting braces tomorrow! help!?
How long should I have until my braces come off?
How long do you think braces will take?
Hi I was curious what may be wrong with my gums?
What is wrong with my central and lateral teeth?
I know what wikipedia says but i'm curious what worked best for people who have actually had it?
Gum and periodontal disease?
Dentist stabbing gums?
Wisdom tooth problem?
Do I have to take all of these courses for dentistry?
One with just my finger. is this something to do with my retainer or do I have periodontitis or something?
Is it too late to turn my dental health around?
Is there any dentist offices that accept cash?
Had a dentist appointment today?
Did the dentist give me a root canal yesterday?
Every time I use it it leaves a this light blue/green residue that I have to pick out of my braces. what is it!?
I'm worried about my teeth :/ please help?
Dental tooth implants?
Best super soft tooth brush?
Sensitive spot on the gum?
Me how no one knows whats wrong with it. could it just be sensitive gum or a tender spot?
Help!!! I have severe tooth and gum pain!!!?
My gums were bleeding!!!?
Does this happen to everybody when flossing your teeth?
Will braces help with this?
My (braces) spacers feel out?
Is it normal to pick yourself apart when down?
Haha(: i'm already in middle school & i've lost all my baby teeth but for some reason they still look like baby teeth?
"What are symptom of anemia, even the uncommon ones?"
Sudden tooth pain. causes?
"How do you guys think, is this picture real or photoshopped?"
Teeth growing out of gums?
I want cavities and fillings?
"Dental matters-dentistry, gums and teeth. advice?"
"Want to know the reason why it hurt when the dentist took away the decay( or the tartar, that black stuff inside your teeth) on my two front teeth?"
Why won't doctors help me?
Could these be something besides cavitites?
What do I need to goto the dentist for the first time alone?
Questions about having my french bulldogs teeth cleaned?
"The only thing I have neglected, I believe when I get his teeth cleaned he will need several pulled, how will this effect what I feed him?"
How do I start the braces thing ?
"Clenching down but I could only feel the left side of my teeth clenching, not the right. what is going on?"
Did I take a real e pill?
"It's for 5 days but it only goes when I eat, brush my teeth, clench my teeth or lie down on that side of my face?"
Why does my jaw feel uncomfortable?
Top teeth bleaching trays only?
Does this sound like dry socket?
Haven't been rinsing it much but keeping my teeth clean etc. is this normal healing or dry socket?
How can I whiten my teeth?
Teeth discoloration literature for my thesis?
I'm taking this antibiotic right now for acne but I hear it can damage your heart but everytime I research side affects nothing like that comes up?
What this anesthetic might be?
Should I get a root canal or just pull the tooth?
Tooth filling is chipped?
How much to get a tooth filled?
Can taste my tooth filling?
Need some peace of mind about tooth sensitivity?
Please help my front tooths gumline hurts but zero swelling?
Please answer this is the last qwestion I can ask is my tooth falling out?
Please please help iv had a few things I did now I have tooth pain please give advice im having anxiety attack?
Please help I cant get any answers does this sound like gingivitis?
Off now they feel smooth and good what does this sound like and will it lead to tooth loss. how long can it take to go away do I need antibiotics?
Please help cant get an answer I really need someones opinion besides to see a dentist please?
Why does my dad always put me down for being a girl?
Help with wisdom tooth pain?
Severe tooth pain!!!!?
Questions about tooth pain?
Wrong tooth extracted?
How to prepare for dentistry school!?
Learn about the human mouth so it's not all foreign when/if I make it into dentistry school?
"Wanted to apply to medicine, but now thinking dentistry.?"
Can you request a dentist to put you to sleep for a root canal and can they do a root canal on the side of the?
Are these a-levels good enough for dentistry?
"I've applied for biology, chemistry and english literature. are these good enough to take a dental course at uni?"
Getting braces at nyu dentistry school?
Questions about becoming a dentist?
Family life for a while?
Im ugly help me. I know to brush my teeth but aint nobody got time for that?
";re on a diet and trying to significantly cut back on food, could using mouth wash a few times a day work?"
Why do my gums hurt ?
"Teeth extracted on friday, pain has not ceased - it has worsened.?"
I recently went to the dental hospital for a wisdom tooth extraction and'd have to stick with the dental hospital?
Can do but the front I can't ?
How do you make your teeth whiter and cleaner?
Urgent dental health question?
"What's a attention grabber for dental health(bad breathe) at least 3 sentences, please?"
How can you explain why people get it. the problems it may cause and how to get rid of it?
Please help me! how much do braces cost in oregon):?
How much are braces in oregon?
How much does dental work cost in ukraine and russia?
What organizations help cover costs for extreme dental work?
Can it make you calm?
Unfinished dental work?
Question about dental fillings and dental work?
Will this diet help remineralize or strengthen my teeth?
Teeth whitening help!?
A question about teeth?
"Guinea pig illness, grinding teeth, white milky leakage from eyes appears to be having seizures?"
Bad teeth - what should I do?
I've been grinding my teeth?
"Top right back of mouth, behind 2nd molar, hurts when I open my mouth kind of wide, i'm 13, could it be my wisdom tooth?"
Whats causing my headaches?
Do I have a sleep disorder?
How do you get a retainer after braces?
Why to cure bad breathe?
Removable brain pain?
Is my gpa good enough for speciailizing in any specialty branch of dentistry after dental school?
That be sufficient enough for me to specialize in a certain field of dentistry such as orthodontics or endodontics?
Tooth/silver filling issues?
What is gum disease inflamation of gums?
Do I have dry socket?
Could this be gingivitis or gum disease?
Why does my sister teeth gums below goes down?
Perio maintenance question?
How can I help my mom to quit smoking?
Why do I react this way to so many things?
Why is my smile so small?
How to get white teeth?
Problems with root canal molar?
Advice about wisdom teeth removal?
Anyone ever had a mucocele?
Please help in pain!?
Even smile or laugh. it goes from the very tip of my lip outside to deep inside my lip when my mouth is closed. can anyone please help me?
Canker sore hurts so much ?
Is this a cold sore or canker sore?
Is this a cold sore or a canker sore?
Why do my vagina lips hurt?
Genital warts or herpes?
"Please help me with my college/life situation, i'm going crazy.?"
Is this a vertigo dizziness?
Sleeping disorders/issues?
Lsd drug question acid?
What happens if you take lsd through your eyes?
Swollen cheek question?
Light legs stomach face neck kinda swelled?
What counts as an emergency?
Why does my cheek get itchy and swell?
Tooth abscess swelling?
Questions about tooth abscess?
Why is my cheek swollen and bruised?
"I have a swelling in my cheek, will it go?"
How do I relieve dizziness?
I was just wondering if warm water and salt fix a tongue infection?
Tongue infection!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
"Mouth taste sweet, am I diabetic?"
Is my tongue infected?
Hi! is it normal for a 14-year-old to still have baby teeth?
"Getting full dentures on monday, please help!?"
Can you perform oral sex with retainer on a man?
Unusual morphology of the mouth?
Am I candidate for orthognathic surgery to improve my overbite (pic)?
Are there any payment plan options for orthognathic surgery in australia?
How can I numb my upper-arm?
";t wait the two weeks. I went threw a whole tube of orajel in one day, what would they do if I go to the er?"
Help!! bad mouth pain!!?
How to explain cold sores to a date?
"Wisdom teeth, mildly terrified.?"
Does my symptoms sound like I have diabetes?
Im scared I have cancer! help?
I always feel the need to swallow?
How to brush my teeth with salt?
Why do I keep getting these?
What does herpes look like?
Does that mean that the person has herpes simplex?
Please help me about herpes simplex virus?
What are the causes for stds' ?
What sickness is this?
Could I have crohn's?
I need help getting rid of my mouth sores!!!!! please help!!?
Can I get my jaw wired shut for no reason?
Jaw wired shut need to get rid of phlegm?
Why do I have a cold sore and could it be an std?
Could I still be a nurse?
What about piercings?
Should I see a doctor?
I have cracks on my tongue. am I okay?
Does anyone think an underbite is cute?
How long do you think i'll have to wear braces?
"What type of headaches do you think these are, and how should I get rid of them?"
The primary olfactory cortex is on the temporal lobe (t or f) taste buds are chemoreceptors. (t or f)?
Sore on my tongue what could it be?
Bumps on the back of my?
Is this a canker sore?
"Possible tss, what to do?"
But I wont be able to taste it :( is there something I can do to get my taste buds back?
Do I have a tooth abscess or tmj?
Do I have a tooth abscess?
Tooth abscess/ infection questions?
What diagnosis could my jaw symptoms indicate?
"Two days ago, I had a little scratch inside my cheek (from my teeth?"
Uncomfortable pain in jaw symptoms?
I think I have one but my mother can't take me to the dentist or hospital we have no $$$ what happens if I don't treat it?
Should I tell my mom I have gum abscess?
Can take it. has anyone gone through the process of having a dental bridge put on?
Dental bridge problem?
What does having a bridge do?
Dental bridge after extraction?
A dental impression in my mouth x?
How do I masterbate without toys or fingers?
At hiv how many attempts?
Upper jaw tightness/pressure?
Natural cures for this?
I have a big red spot in my mouth?
Help for a possible cut gum?
My tooth just got yanked out and my question is?
Tooth stuck and wont come out. help!?
Someone help with my braces?
;t think it was like that before. how can help this?
", salt water or medicated creams/gels such as bonjela?"
Army wife wants a baby.any help appreciated!?
What is the correct answer ?
Does the after pill work ?
I just want to know ?
Why does the penis look like a mushroom?
If a condition is caused by a dominant mutation on an autosome:?
"If a condition is caused by a dominant mutation on an autosome, then which of the following is true?"
What can help you to grow much taller?
Just wondering if there is a difference in an emotional breakdown and depression?
Benefits of ashwagandha?
How much weight will I lose?
I'm 98 pounds and would like to be 92 ishh..(i'm 5'2) .i'm going on a diet and exercising so when will I meet my goal?
I didnt had any checkscould there be an issue of male fertility ?
On depo and tubal clips need help?
Anxety and panic attacks ?
Teen hormonal imbalance! help?
Anxiety and panic attacks?
I don't know whats going on.?
Why won't psychiatrist deal with delusions piling up?
Can they do this to me?
Questions about donating your eggs (for females) ?
Is it only used for infertility or it does have other uses?
"Doctors tonight as something doesn't seem right. I have endriometriocis, was on clomid last month (fertility drug) anybody know what it might be?"
"If a woman stores her eggs, what happens to them when she dies or doesnt want them anymore?"
Really embarrassing but need advice!?
Rid of this fricken smell?
Do guys like skinny girls?
Why do I have to pee so much!!!!?
How many people have lost how many teeth to corn nuts?
points! im 19 year old girl and suffer from bad body odor?
Bad smell from my nose or my body odor?
Why do some people have darker toned necks?
Menstrual cramps and bones.?
Is this a healthy routine for a girl with pcos?
Please help me !! I am so worried :( please?
Ovarin cyst anyone know bout them?
Pcos - should I ask my doctor?
No free fluid in pouch of douglas?
Polcystic ovary syndrome?
I should be fine right?
Still fine to get the implanon out tomorrow right?
Questions about male masturbation?
So I am 14 and want to know more about masturbation. is it harmful?
Im lying to my husband about my birth control!?
Why did my periods turn irregular?
More time to get my period. question is since we are trying to conceive when do I ovulate.?
Best routine for me at the gym?
"days of very light brown-ish bloo, cramps but no period ?"
About low sperm count?
We had sex and now I have a back pain?
"Help! two months late, but had pms mood swings?"
Is it time to take a pregnancy test?
How decrease puss cell?
If I dont use briefs or boxer?
Is this will make me sterile?
Will ejaculating effect me from becoming father?
My age is 14 and have started ejaculating but I am a bit worried that will ejaculating at this age will effect me from becoming father?
8 sperm count is it normal?
Is it necessary to wear underwear?
Help confused about clomid and progesterone?
Putting me on clomid as soon as my period starts - any advice as far as clomid goes?
Clomid and nolvadex question.?
"Wouldn't the nolvadex cut the potency of my ""boosters?"
No period what is going on?
They said I had low progesterone?
When do I go to the doctors to get clomid?
What do you think of my prohormone cycle?
My wife has health issues?
Is it possible that a woman becomes pregnent without having sex and not knowing?
How long will sperm live outside in a snowstorm and how ling will sperm live with no semen?
Couples have to start having safe sex and resort to artificial insemination if they want children?
You can't get an std or anything just playing touchy feely?
Just wondered why is it that when men errr finish lol it comes out warm?
I dint insert in my gfcan she gt pregi was jus moving my tool over her but she missed her periods?
Losing my mind on clomid?
weeks of pms and no period?
How to build up your veins?
Question for the women: am I sexist?
Worrying about my testicles?
Naive question on women's sexual health?
Strange thick menstrual blood?
Could I be infertile?
Having periods on cerazette regularly every 32 days or so does this mean I ovulate?
Question about doctor's appointment?
White creamy vaginal discharge?
"Never got my girlfriends pregnant, am I infertile?"
The bottle says users warnings:12-20 lbs in 1 training cyclewhat does that mean?
Is this a good first steroid cycle?
Can I take dianabol and naturally huge or will mixing the two mess me up?
"Help, nearly 21 and don't know what to do with my life?"
Bumps under peins gland-answer mine and ill answer urs!!!!?
A question about herpes on men?
"Women with pcos, how do you do it, any success stories?"
What is the difference b/w mint and spearmint?
Want to know if anyone has gotten better from hirsutism after weight losss?
How do I tell my doctor that I am hairy?
Weight lifting and growth hormones?
And is used to repair the muscles after that.would the growth hormones increase my height?
How often should I change my pad?
How to get rid of stress?
How can I grow taller?
And tricks that could help the height increase or the growth hormone increase. any yoga?
Does my voice have broken?
Hi y'all (: lately my voice cracks somewhat 4 times a day.. did my voice break?
"Haven't started taking yet, would that shorten it?"
I only grow a few inches every year i'm 5.3 and I want to be at least 5.5 will hgh help increase my height?
Which of the following hormones increases hepatic glycogenolysis and promotes gluconeogenesis?
I had a complete hysterectomy 15 yrs ago so why are my breasts extremely sore?
Uterine cancer and hormone therapy?
Thyroid hormone replacement pills?
Ladies what are you taking for hot flashes?
How can you balance your hormones?
Stopping period before my birthday?
Which contraceptive is best for me?
Why does my underwear smell like asparagus?
Why would a gyno want her to get one if she knows she's def not pregnant?
I'm 15 years old at 79 pounds?
"also, i've heard there were hormone treatments that could speed up the process of puberty?"
I have not grown since I was 13 im now 20 nearly 21 help!?
Im a male 5'4 and have not grown since I was 13 ?
How did they find out you had ovarian cancer?
Sexual dysfunction help?
I just started zyban and I need help.?
Was this a possible anxiety attack?
Which of the following is true about menopause?
After menopause 3.anxiety and depression are typical response in woman in menopause 4.hot flashes during menopause result from low levels of estrogen?
Chlorpromazine question?
What kind of doctor should I consult?
Need help on deciding on steroids?
Possible cause to my low t at age 34?
"Hypogonadism , homeopathy / fruits / vegetables for this disease ?"
"Hypogonadism ; erectile dysfunction , no sexual health?"
"Hypogonadism , any homeopathy for this disease ?"
Can a urologist find out what causes hypogonadism?
Likelihood if nhs funding?
How much does it cost to have your fallopian tubes looked at?
Control x-ray image prior to hysterosalpingogram (hsg)?
A control (without using contrast dye) x-ray 30 minutes prior to hysterosalpingogram (hsg) of uterus and fallopian tubes?
The male snip questions about fertility?
"What woulplease guys, I need help. my girlfriend and I had sickle cell trade.?"
"Please guys, I need help. my girlfriend and I had sickle cell trade.?"
"My growth and development, so I still look prepubescent. how can I increase estrogen?"
Am I or my boyfriend infertile ?
Missed periods can they lead to infertility?
Pain in stomach and itchy breast?
Do I have klinefelter's syndrome?
"Testicular microlithisis"" testosterone?"
"I really need an opinion, doctors, ladies.?"
"Late period, not pregnantwhat do you think?"
---> opk questions/short luteal phase/help?
Letrozole and hair dying?
How long before my mother will tolerate letrozole for breast cancer!!?
How long until hormones normalized?
"Provera to get my period started and when it starts, 5 days of letrozole to help ovulation. when should I expect my period to start?"
How have you coped with hormonal treatment?
the type of pills(name)or injection?
I am wondering about my uterus with a fibroid and my one ovary?
How much calcium is too much?
"Anyone else suffer with these symptoms, ?"
When will my penis grow?
How much longer for my mammary glands to grow?
How increse human sperm?
Our sperm every overflow then sperm very weak tell me how increase?
Male reproductive system anatomy help!?
Can someone help me with health?
To improve sperm count & quality?
Does himalaya speman is more effective than himalaya kapikachhu?
Norethindrone(medication to delay period) question.?
I know they both are generic forms of norethindrone 0.35 are they the same pill just diffrnt brands or is there something diffrnt about them ?
Problem with my birth control?
I just started birth control and..?
Birth control 5mg aygestin/norethindrone?
How to delay your period?
Ovaries and tubes removed?
"I'm at such a loss, please help :(?"
What kind of cancer would this be?
Has anyone else been a week late for their period and still gotten a negative result on an hpt?
Female cycle chages why?
Spotting and clotting during my ovulation?
Ovulation question. please help!?
What are my risks for pid?
How likely is pid in my case?
When my ovulation date(short)?
Stomach problems help?
I m diabetic type 1 n thyroid also n my age is 28 years n I had done unprotacted sex on 4 th day of periods an?
"Second period a week after, even longer?"
Antibiotics/ovulating help please!!?
My period dates keep changing.?
Polycystic ovarian syndrome.?
Pcos treatment with depo-provera?
Could I have endometriosis?
Highly irregular period?
I have a period problem. woman please help me!?
Why won't the hospital let me see my ultrasound scans?
"I recently had a smear and pelvic examination where the doctor felt 3 nodules, could these be cysts?"
Please help. any info and advice would be very appreciated.?
Some medical advice needed please?
And none since.any suggestions or ideas?
Does this make someone a pedophile or just sick?
Whats the average age to get your period?
Is it normal for a 15 year old boy to have hair in their body parts?
My mother informed me on my 14th bday that I hit puberty very early.pubes at 5 period at 6 and boobs at 9.why did this happen to me?
I feel like puberty's robbed my childhood?
Chest. I feel like a disgrace to this world. :\ did I have precocious puberty?
Could this be premature menopause or poi?
"Ok, first of all, yes I am a girl, axel is just my allies. now that that's out of the wayhas anyone experienced any of this?"
I haven't had my period in over 8 months?
Reason for me not having it?
How do I know if I have legit depression for sure?
"We cant have kids, but its what we both always wanted :(?"
My period is 8 days late?
no period for 6 months why?
Am I going through menopause?
Progestin only pill/ camila problems?
Still be protected against pregnancy?
I go to kaiser and I want to go on combination birth control (progestin/estrogen). what is your experience with birth control pills?
During sex my condom was broken so my gf take 2 tables of I pill with in time but her period is come 10 days?
Question about contraceptive injection?
What happens if you take birth control a couple minutes late?
Had my period two weeks early?
How much time does my girl have to the plan b pill?
No period in 5 months?
Has anyone ever been on prometrium or progesterone?
I rarely ever get my period?
Please suggest home remedies for hot flushes during pre menstrual stage?
If he take vitamins of a high mg for a year?
Tense about irregular periods?
Met up with him a few days before that night. so can sex change the look of it?
">.< two questions actually,um about t?"
Sex change doctors in/near central illinois?
Does anyone have the name and phone number/email of any?
Does having sex change your period at all ?
Best friend of 10 years cut all contact abruptly.?
Can sex changes the behavior of a person with other people pls help?
My friend was asking me if he could change his dock into a vagina so I told him yes?
People say that there's a pornstar who did it so I was wondering if he could do it or not with a sex surgery ?
Is this a dangerous thing to do?
Is there something wrong?
What is harmonal test?
Like a mother has large breasts that started when she was really young. can the daughter have large breasts too?
"Just curious, my friend told me that she bought some fenugreek powder and said that it works to make womans breasts bigger. is this true?"
Is my testosterone levels good or bad?
Please interpret my semen analysis report!! help!!?
Result of semen test?
Can you masturbate too much?
I have some serious questions. please help.. 1) what are the indian foods that increases sperm count..?
Is hpv the worst std to have?
"A 38 year old ""normal"" male is upset about his low sperm count?"
Health question for my husband?
What do you think about this?
What is the most accurate drug test?
Anyone with experience with monitoring fertility?
Pls can u teach me how to calculate my safe and unsafe periods?
Am I ovulating or whatttt?
Can a regular digital thermometer be used to record basal body temperature or do I have to buy basal digital thermometer ?
My basal body temp is low?
Feel awful very worried plz help?
What are my chances of getting pregnant?
Sex question.. serious answers please.?
Tmi thick brown discharge after 6 months of hemorrhaging?
Ladies wit adenomyosis?
"Adenomyosis and pcos, fertility?"
Implantation bleeding?
Bout 2 or 3 hours could I be pregnant and its the implantation or did my period started ealry?
What are some good birth controls?
Is this a pregnancy help!?
Now has a full beard?
Urgent help needed! :'(?
"Doing sex, my penis come down automatically and quite curved (bent)?"
Are there any ayurvedic medicines that can increase the sperm rate and libido of a 18 yr old boy?
"My girlfriend finished her birth control pack for the month on saturday, we had unprotected sex on tuesday and?"
"Wednesday. now I used the pull out method when I had to ejaculate, but in the off chance that some sperm did go in her, could she be pregnant?"
Those people against masturbation?
Do you mix d.n.a or body fluids during intercourse?
Like when having sex will cells go into the other human being?
Please help with this reproductive health question!?
Do women like big testicles?
What are the chances of pregnancy?
What is occasional motile spermatozoa seen means ?
Is sperm still on me?
"If i'm 4 weeks pregnant, could I have gotten pregnant 2 months ago?"
"Hi doctor,my wife had a pelvic scan here are the report : uterus : a bulky gravid and anteverted uterus, unifo?"
Is my pregnancy fine?
I am so scared please help?
I have an honest question about masturbating please take a look?
Do I need lube to ejaculate?
"How do I make my boyfriend ""come"" twice?"
and still having dry orgasms ?
I'm 15 and haven't ejaculated.?
"Most of my friends have, and I was wondering if they did it early, or am I late?"
Why can't I ejaculate?
Puberty won't happen?
Really behind in puberty :(?
Slight retrograde ejaculation ?
My age is 18year I have a problem that sperm is realing in my urine. how can I stop it plz some one hlp me.?
My older boyfriend has erectile dysfunction and retrograde ejaculation. how can I help him?
Me and my boyfriend had sex and he said he was shooting blanks because he was ejcaulating but nothing came out?
I had a wet dream but when I woke up I didnt see anything?
How do my husband sustain his erection during intercourse?
Sex fully.but it might sound wired I had a early miscarriage last year.we also did not know how it happen?
Can anyone help with this?
Did I have a miscarriage or something else?
"Or stis or anything of the sort, and my husband doesn't either. could the bleeding be a early miscarriage?"
Does plan b have different side effects every use?
I dont know what happened to me?
Can someone please answer this for me?
Can someone please help me?
Miscarriage or something else?
Im 16 and I was wondering if I have a parent consent can I sell my eggs ?
Egg donors: what was it like?
Due to ovary in cyst one ovary in removed an another ovary is distinct?
** how many kg will I lose on his diet?
How long after tubal reversal do you start feeling better?
Left and 9cm on the right removed. we are looking at a reversal and are curious if anyone has any luck?
Any reputable studies out there I can reference to the doctor that show reversal of damage from two cigarettes two years ago?
Uhh idk someone try to help?
Reply me with some good answers?
What's with this second bum hole?
Cramping after period is over?
Am I being overly sensitive ?
What other options are there?
"No period, do I still ovulate?"
Is this what ovulation feels like?
Is the conception date the day u have sperm in u or day that it meets egg?
My partner and I slept together on the 6 oct. she slept with someone else on the 24 oct. she is now preg.?
Just had the scan and conception date is the 12 oct. is it possible the baby could be the other guys?
Is this from sex or something else?
Please help! having wierd discharge colors?
What normal size in right overy & left overy of follic?
Birth control question?
Clomiphene questions?
Pcos and long-period painless bleeding?
Am I seeing things or are there two lines?
Please help me if u can thnx?
White creaming discharge 3 days before period im having creamy white discharge and i'm due for my period 3 days from now is this a good sign?
Confused what could this be?
Bleeding before and after sex!!!?
Period every 3 weeks?
"How much ""weight"" does one ""gain"" during ovulation?"
When will I get my second period?
"My friend had sex with her gf without protection,she took I pill.now shes getting bleeding from last 3 days.y?"
I'm a girl and I have a happy trail?
Teen 14 year oldbody hair problems?
Physical exam at the doctor?
Polycystic ovary syndrome?
How do you feal of men with body hair?
Like hair on back and chest/stomach?
Will I ever be able to grow a beard?
Why havent I grown much in height?
What part of my face should I be shaving?
Should a guy wax his arms/legs/hands?
Information on electrolysis?
I know that its used to permanently remove hair but how does it work?
I'm 15 and thinning hair?
I think that there might be something seriously wrong with me?
Binge eating after anorexia!!?
"I m 21 yr old ""animal"" (male) from india. and I eagerly wanna suicide.help me to do so.?"
What's wrong with me (please help)?
Have more chance of going bald than the people who have those really low hairlines which are perfectly in a straight line?
Guys most importantly please help!?
What could this small lump on my nose be?
Can you recommend an excellent endocrinologist for a very complicated problem?
Is my reaction to propecia normal?
Taking it today but why is this even worse than propecia?
Wat is d cost of propecia in india ?
Need a trusted online pharmacy to buy generic propecia?
Does anyone know of a website I can buy propecia to help my receding hairline?
Propecia/proscar mail?
Is my hairline receding?
Does this mean i'm going bald?
years old with a receding hairline?
A question about hair loss.?
Should I have short hair?
Dandruff question!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Question about nizoral (ketoconazole)?
Having pimples like itchy on body .please help.. m scared?
I have seborrheic dermatitis mild one. more I scratch more it comes. does it spread to body?
Have you or anyone you know been able to maintain seborrheic dermatitis and/or tinea versicolor with otc supplements?
I have seborrheic dermatitis?
"Flaky, itchy, inflamed scalp?"
Skin conditionneed help from inside out!?
About muscles in your head.?
Please help (urgent).. please..?
Can can cause hair fall all of a sudden. ?
Am I dying or is it all in my head?
Is this called tellogen efflivium?
Is this hairline receding or thinning?
5 and still has all his hair. also how do you know if you have thin hair?
This is weird for a girl not normal?
Noone has pointed it out. its not thick hair. actually is verrrryyy thin hair but some of it its a little dark.. why is this happening?
Hair problem please help?
Can I take cobadex forte capsule/syrup ?
Is there a free surgery you can have so I will no longer grow any hair anywhere except my head?
Is this male pattern baldness?
How to get rid of dandruff?
How can I stop dandruff?
Uhhh this is weird but I have a question about possibly having lice?
Spreading pubic hair?
Confused about what's going on down belowcan someone explain?
Around my vaginal entrance but I don't know if it's just hair growing back in or what because it seems to go away once I shave?
"Regular shave doesn't. so, pros?"
Questions about the contraceptive pill: diane 35?
Where can I buy biotin pills in karachi?
Hair growth during puberty in males?
I am writing a novel; trying to name an important supporting character. I need a name fitting description.?
Any ways for females with hairloss female hairloss?
It doesn't feel like i'm growing?
"Do any other guys who have started to have grey hairs early, in 2/30s started thinking, I cant let this happen?"
I should be looking at ways to reverse this.even if it is impossible..can't just let it happen?
What the hell is a white streak?
Eating disoder aftermath?
"Large, squishy, painless lump on head?"
Body cleanse to make u lose weight !?
Question about daughter's ana test results?
Please help me ! my little sisters health depends on it.?
Insurance didn't cover visit?
Hair thinning on sides (18 year old male)?
Ideas for cancer scarfs to cover up baldness?
She was wondering if there were any ways to cover up her baldness?
I have a red spot on my head?
I have mild dandruff?
I have a dandruff problem?
I'm doing a project and I want to use a survey to get some answers. what do you do when you wake up (in order)?
Found a weird circular cut ?
Do I have some type of disorder?
"New detox method for possible drug tests- god is love, here you go world.?"
An awkward teenage girl?
Health/hair/body/etc. help ( I really need your help. )?
How much is cna pay in ny and what exactly do they do?
Was 18/19. could this be the cause of my eyes and hair changing color?
Add this diluted bleach and let it sit for 15 hours then rinse will my hair change colors even is more water is added than bleach?
What kind of harmones used to boys puberty?
Because i'm not a late bloomer but my voice hasn't break yet.so does any harmone problem for me?
Why does my scalp itch?
My head and back of scalp itches!?
Skin rash. what is it?
Best products and tips for dry scalp?
What is wrong with my scalp?
"I was wondering if tucking my hair behind my ears is sanitary. also, how often do I clean my piercing?"
How do I get myself together?
I dont even use my left hand like that. I dont not over use my hand I dont play sports im 15 btw why why why?
It happened about an hour ago and my dad said it might be a ganglion cyst and i'm really worried can someone help me?
Ganglion cyst surgery?
By a salivary stone or a cyst perhaps?
Why are my breasts leaking?
Carpal tunnel question?
Throughout the day (because there isn't anything else to do) all contribute to my (early?
Severely painful arm cramps?
Do I have carpal tunnel?
Why am I always tired and out of breath?
Is it possible that I have carpal tunnel?
Do you think I have type 2 diabetes?
Numbness in my pinky finger?
Is my finger fractured?
Finger healed wrong help please?
Finger fracture healed wrong?
Is my hand/finger fractured or just bruised?
Is my hand/finger fractured or bruised?
Is my hand/finger fractured?
Problem with finger fracture?
Should I see a psychiatrist?
My finger is still numb?
Will I be okay or not?
Eye-retina surgery/frostbite?
Salt and ice challenge scar?
When will my hand cast come off?
Will people watch my surgery?
Is my droopy eye lid really that noticeable?
Accident- run over by a car?
Thought I should get an mri w/contrast or even wrist arthroscopy. can anyone help me?
Best solution for wrist pain?
Wrist pain help pleasee! openn!?
Now 2013 are they still safe to take or will they be harmful?
Ouch! my wrist hurts! is it broken?
Is it normal to not feel pain?
How to make hand nerves popout is there any exercises?
"broken bones in hand, nerve damage too?"
How many times a man can live after he cuts his hand nerves?
Achilles tendon after cortisone injection?
Tendon risks after taking levaquin?
Achilles tendonitis help?
What is the wait for surgery in uk?
Forearm fracture in small child- anyone's child experience this?
Noise. what is the reason for this?
Anyone else ever had this or no what it is?
Trigger finger post op question?
Deep vein thrombosis question?
My thumb clicks when I bend it?
What's with my thumb?
Trigger finger surgery?
Any doctors in the house?
"Did I break, fracture, or dislocate my middle finger?"
Is my finger sprained or what?
Hospital for fever and other symptoms?
Pinky finger numbness/tingling?
I have my middle finger pain for no reason. I can't bend my middle finger. it just come and go lately. what is the solution?
Extremely painful finger pain?
How to stop finger pain?
Why does my finger hurt?
Foreskin the head of my penis is very sensitive and even touching with a finger pains very much..is it a problem at my age?
"Brief chest numbness, headache, and pain in fingers. anxiety, carpal, or worse?"
Blood test and finger spasms?
Could I have diabetes?
"I,ve got my finger stuck in a metal pole how do I remove it?"
Big problem my fingers stuck?
Donating blood this thursday?
Anyone out there having trouble being a diabetic?
Random blood glucose 138?
Why do my fingers swell up?
Why do I have swollen finger joints?
"My ring is too small! it fit yesterday, but my fingers are swollen or something!?"
Why are my fingers swollen and red?
Please if anyone can help me as to what this is or what to do?
I'm on warfarin. any ideas?
"My urine scares me, I dont know whats wrong?"
"Fracture, sprain, or something else?"
Is this a hairline fracture?
"Hold it straight naturally, my hand's angled away from the bone. my fingers tingle a little too. could this be a hairline fracture?"
Burning sensation from the inside?
Whats wrong with my elbow?
Why does the tip of my index finger tingle?
I'm always urinating these 3 days.?
"Guys, why I always peeing?"
Why are my feet always so cold?
Advise me few free hand exercise to loose weight?
How can I lose 6kg in a month?
Im 5 foot 3 and I weigh 130lbs. so how can I lose 6kg in a month?
Question about my broken hand?
I am 4 ft 11inch and my weight is 54 kgs. I want to lose atleast 5 kgs of weight as soon as possiblecontd..?
A good fruit diet chart for that?
Will my middle finger heal itself?
Penis size is 6in. how can I increase it by hand exercise?
Trouble moving my fingers.?
Will I be 6 foot tall?
Hand injury and it's feelings?
Is this an hand injury?
"Hand injury, please help!?"
Do I have a small hand injury?
Opinions on broken arm.?
Will I get fit again if I stop smoking?
Why is fitness so hard to gain?
My mom might have carpol tunnel?
Is there something wrong with my hands?
Problem due to masturbation?
I think she has heart attack symptoms?
Chronic migraine-high weakness~ how to eat right in this condition?
What can cause left hand pain for two days ?
Any ideas of what this hand pain may be?
Fat guitar neck hand problem?
"Is my hand sprained, broke, or just a hairline fracture?"
Like on the knuckle of my hand. it my finger sprained or is my hand sprained?
I need to regain the muscle I lost but going back to the gym is scary?
Weird effects of vicodin?
Is my pinky knuckle fractured/broken?
Do I need hand surgery?
Post hand surgery gift ideas?
What is wrong with my thumb?
Someone please help good answers?
Someone please help me ?
I really think something is wrong with me?
Rough time breathing and tingling?
"With the air I take in, even then its hard. I also have face tingling and hand tingling. my hands feel almost fully asleep. so, what's going on?"
Slight tingly feeling in my left hand fingers?
Normal with hyperthyroidism?
"I've never taken birth control pills, but after my first one, I experienced?"
Dad has long fingers and mom is homozygous or short fingers.what geno and pheno can you expect the kids to hav?
Longer finger in one hand?
"Ladies, when you masterbate.. (very personal question)?"
"So when you masterbate, how deep do you go in?"
Did I lose my virginity?
"Do I have piano fingers, or am I suffering from some sort of disease?"
Did I take out my tampon?
I'm not entirely sure if I would fit in this bra size?
Joint closest to nail injury in small finger?
Post-op information needed?
Should I see my school guidance counselor?
Pain in big toe please help?
Knee pain not going.sorry this is kinda long?
My mom doesn't believe that I need to see the doctor?
I hurt my foot a while ago should I go see the dr. now?
Question about ruptured tendon/torn ligaments.. could I sue this doctor?
Why do I have knee pain?
I noticed sometimes after I get fingered it hurts to pee like I get little pains and it burns really bad is that normal?
I cant find my g-spot?
Diva / menstrual cup first time insertion problems?
"Try to pinch the cup like the say, but it wont break the seal. and it is difficult to get my short fingers up to the rim of the cup please help?"
I need help with the guitar?
Without interfering with another chord. is it because I may have shorter fingers?
Medical related question! see more info?
Am I stressing myself?
Mystery illness please help?
Painful swollen veins on my hand?
"Swollen hand, been 15 mins?"
Waking up with swollen hands?
How to treat a swollen thumb?
Help with a swollen thumb?
Thumb injury from catching a football?
Thumb injury issues!?
Someone help me urgent?
What is wrong with my wrists?
How do I get my wrist stronger?
Pinky side of wrist injury?
Could it be a wrist injury?
Wrist injury help!!!?
Can my wrists break really easily?
Could my wrist be broken?
Does this sound like I have torn my ligaments?
Anybody with knowledge about shoulder surgery?
What type of rash is this?
Carpal tunnel..what needs to be done by my employer?
I need information/advice about a nerve injury in my hand?
How much does an aluminum wrist splint cost?
"Going to mayo clinic, what to expect?"
What treatment will I need?
Jammed finger. please helppp!!?
"Questions about pending wrist surgery, advice and experiences please!?"
I am having an mri tomorrow to see if how damaged my wrist ligaments are. how torn do they need to be to require surgery?
Is my hand fractured or bruised?
Is my 5th metacarpal (hand) fractured or bruised?
Is my hand fractured or just bruised?
Is my hand fractured?
Medical terminology.. help!!?
Is there a way to relieve my tingly hand?
Plz help me. don't wanna think i'm crazy..?
Anxiety or heart attack symptoms?
What are the symptoms?
Im loosing hope. I honestly dont know what to do?
Could I have broken my hand?
"Hit a door, knuckle pain.?"
Is my wrist fractured?
Dislocated then broke finger 4 weeks later?
How to break you wrist?
Fracturing your scaphoid bone?
Is it possible that my wrist is broken?
My wrist hurts really bad?
Finger injury. help me?
Finger injury please help?
Is my finger sprained/broken?
Middle finger injuryhelp!?
Like wait a day or something?
Is my finger broken or just sprained?
What kind of finger injury is this?
Question about a finger injury?
Help on hand splints?
Broken wrist - is my cast too loose?
Wrist swelling after fall?
points! hairline fracture?
Im so depressed I want to die2?
Am I depressed or just sad?
How can I get treatment for my mother for bipolar disorder?
What should I expect from counselling?
"How much are optometrists making now, and is the amount of patients seen going down due to laser eye surgery?"
"Also, how would obama's new health plan affect optometrists?"
Do I sound like I need to be in the hospital?
Adrenal insufficiency is unlikely. do I sound like I need hospital care or like its all in my head?
"Ladies, what exactly is tss?"
Patients are being discharged to soon what can you do?
Does medicare (part a) have limits on the amount of inpatient hospital care it will pay for?
"Or does it pay for whatever is deemed ""medically necessary""?"
Having diarreah and vomiting help!?
How to throw up easily?
"I want help, but can't afford it?"
Just woke up (2:15am)and was sick?
I am looking an article about patient's family conflict with doctor in the palliative care. please help me?
Should I kill myself?
Can a 17 year old be forced to undergo potentially life saving surgery?
Just found out my friend is having palliative care and wanted to know about it?
Palliative care help?
Palliative care nursing interview?
Braces off today is it painful?
"Has anyone on here ever been abused, raped or tortured in a psychiatric hospital?"
Breathing treatment for twoyear old?
Can you wear bracelets during surgery?
I have some great ideas i'd like to bring to the place I volunteer in but what's the best way to do so?
If you go in for problems and they suspect a std and they give you a blood test did they test it for hiv ?
Medicare question about long term care?
Depression anxiety stress?
Which of the following individuals is most likely a clinical psychologist?
All I do is think about my old therapist.?
Was I abused by my mother or am I being dramatic?
What would happen from the hospital..like would I be taken away by social services?
Can social services discriminate someone for mental health even if they are now stable?
Although i'm only a young man I require a walking stick my doctor says I can get one more below?
Possible mis-diagnosis?
What are requirements into becoming a hospitalist?
"Need to find an excellant doctorin orange cty, ca help?"
How do hospitals handle physician consults for patients?
What doctors work just in hospitals?
"Didn't get drug tested at er visit after work injury, will I be tested at the check up apt?"
How do you leave a medicare hmo before open enrollment season?
S pus & blood but I was wondering if I should go to the emergency room?
Answer asap - low blood pressure and taking blood pressure medicine after.. what is the risk?
Does a hospital have the right to move you hours and hours away from your town for insurance reasons?
What happens to social security benefits if you have to go to the hospital?
Just would just like a little more info and a job description and maybe an estimated pay?
What is the stomache virus that is going around now?
"Am I an ectomorph, an endomorph, or a mesomorph?"
Can a cna work in optometry?
"What do you think of when I say ""long-term senior citizen care""?"
Please tell me that someone out there has experienced the same as this?
Attack and stroke with the above tests?
My brother said I had a mini stroke :s?
My bro and he said it sounds like you had a mini stroke. did i?
My brother says I had a mini stroke :s?
"I want to become a paramedic, if I obtain both an a.a and a b.s can I become a doctor with those degrees?"
Weird feelings about death?
Should my addicent/injury attorney get more money out of my settlement then I do?
What is it like being a paramedic?
What is being a paramedic like?
Do you think i'm going to get drug tested?
I'm a bit dizzy and I don't know the cause?
"Please does any one know what theese symptons are ,i know its a mentalhealth problem?"
Am I having tia symptoms?
Shortness of breath..what is going in?
"Tia (transient ischemic attack) or known as mini stroke, I need advice!!?"
How do you deal with depression?
How do you know whether a hospital has a trauma center or is a base hospital?
"Idk why i'm curious but I am. if you were shot in the stomach with a small bullet, what would happen?"
Does anyone know about this?
Can anyone help with bloodborn pathogen answers?
To prevent contamination?
Is there any guidelines?
What do these symptoms suggest?
Am I right to be concerned about leukemia?
Could it be meningitis?
At the time I wasn't getting the headaches from a standstill. does this sound like anything you can think of/ possibly viral meningitis?
"Time, for a whole week. I later found out that it was viral meningitis?"
Do I need to see someone?
What do pharmacists do that takes a half hour?
When you go to get a prescription filled they always say that it'll be about a half hour until it's ready. what are they doing that takes so long?
"Tongue got very swollen and I hallucinated, what can I expect to be on next?"
What happens after someone is pronounced dead in a hospital?
What happens after someone is pronounced dead at the hospital?
I'm in rehab and chronic relapser looking into suboxone or naltrexone?
What do the doctors do if a coma patient dies?
"My friend just died, please help me?"
"I wake up in pain every day, what could be causing it?"
Any experiences or knowledge regarding the success of end stage copd patients being taken off the ventilator?
Facts on alcoholic end stage liver disease?
Suicide help (only serious answers wanted)?
"Apart from becoming obese, what else can happen?"
How serious is an unresponsive patient with alcohol poisoning?
Help! do I have meningitis?
Could I have meningitis?
What are michigan's laws on meningitis vaccines?
What is a meningitis response form?
A immunization form which I have but then it always says I need a meningitis response form. what exactly is that and how do I get it ?
4 fever..should we go back to the er?
Strange sickness any ideas?
Female massage by male in delhi?
Current status of diseases in se asia?
Does depression or any other mental illness effect eeg test?
Have I got a sinus problem?
Shots when you leave the usa?
Pneumonia and cancer?
Why is not snot orange?
Can smoking cause rbbb ?
Where could I find ecg data of myocardial infarction patient?
My mom had a heart-attack?
A 64 yr old male enters the er feeling pressure and pain in his chest that has spread to his left arm.?
"My ecg reading was regular sinus rhythm, poor r-wave progression, non specific st-t wave changes.?"
What factors will affect the patients prognosis if she had myocardial infarction?
More specifically how are they related?
Am I having a heart attack?
Day I didn't eat anything or drink anything would I have had a heart attack by now?
What just happened to me?
"a patient with copd says that the physician told her that she had a predominant emphysema, rather than chron?"
"Please help me, why am I coughing?"
How long would it take chronic bronchitis to develop if I think I caught it 3 months ago ?
Why do you suppose these three people died of heart related problems at such young ages?
Doctor needs more detialed info info?
What is a healthy heart?
Serious replies only: what could these symptoms mean?
Could this be something serious?
Getting heart checked tomorrow?
Panic attack or seizure?
"Pain in abdomen, under left ribcage?"
Has my muscle atrophied or badly damaged?
My dad is in the hospital question?
Can somebody explain my x-ray report?
Bleeding from mouth at death?
I have some questions about women masturbating?
Why does my penis hurt the day after I masturbate?
Numbness/tingling in left thumb.?
I have the urge to cut off my own penis and become a eunuch. Is this bad?
"I'm in need of serious help, can you offer me some advice (urgent)?"
Stroke prevention - how did/does your family handle it?
Why occasional dizziness?
Information about inhibitors?
Worried about hypertensive crisis?
My 82 year old grandad has been told he has a aortic dissection hes currently in hospital?
Are my blood pressure numbers fatal?
Cardiovascular disease?
I am doing everything and I am not losing any weight! why?
What do my lab results indicate?
My diet your thoughts?
"Clinical reasoning, which lab test would you monitor?"
My potassium serum is 5.9. do I need to worry.?
Is too much potassium for you?
Please help me understand my mums disease?
Why do I feel sick when I wake up?
Questions about thyroid / parathyroid / gfr levels?
Can you tell me what these blood tests are?
I think my friend is bipolar?
Could I maybe have diabetes?
Does c4 extreme have testosterone in it?
I'm on a preworkout called c4 extreme. does it have testosterone in it?
Before but came back negative. is this a hyperglycemia attack?
Could these symptoms lead too hypoglycemia?
Diabetes question..sugar?
Hypoglycemia: I drank extremely sweet syrup and now?
Advice about a symptom?
Too much sugar in tea?
Strange urinary problems?
"To be honest, this line couldn't scratch the surface of my problems.?"
Does cocaine effect blood sugar?
Medical coding - determine the proper coding for the information provided within case 2.?
Please does anyone understand my ct results?
My father had a 4 liter pleural effusion and he's a ckd patient w/ walking pneumonia - normal volume?
What does this sentence mean on a chest x-ray?
Question about tonsillitis/peritonsillar abscess?
Questions about tonsillitis/peritonsillar abscess?
"What's the best way to sooth tonsillitis.. food, drink or drugs wise?"
Mouth watering(salvia) from two days.?
Does erysipelas has cure?
Cant stop getting infections doctors cant tell me why?
that are extremely painful. they diagnosed it as mrsa I was wondering why they didn't keep me?
"My mum is in hospital, can I phone the ward to ask how she's doing?"
How do I get my doctor to listen to me?
Please need help! been ill for weeks!!?
Could this be a stroke?
How do doctors know you have cancer from just listening with the thing they listen to your heart with?
In liver cyrrhocic if water takes out what happens?
Does my sister have a brain tumor?
Why do I have pain where my pancreas is?
Intense stomach pain?
"See a doctor about this. the only possible causes I found where: pancreatitis, ovarian cyst, and stomach ulcer. any ideas?"
How can I make healthy and fast pasta rotini?
Could it be hepatitis?
Paranoid about teenager got kidney cancer?
Blood and got back a sheet that said I tested positive for hepatitis c antibodies. how?
Anyone know if you can get the hepatits b vacinne while being treated for latent tuberculosis (isoniazid 300 daily)?
"What if u done for hepatitis a,b vaccines u will be infected with the person have hepatitis?"
Should the hospital charge me for diagnosis?
Should I go to the hospital?
I've got a question about my gall bladder?
What should I do now about my gallbladder?
Discomfort in right side?
Question about enlarged spleen?
This something I should be concerned about?
"Question about mono and ""taking care of business""?"
Any help with mesenteric adenitis?
Can anyone help me with a few health problems?
Im so scaredwill this kill me?
Why should I exercise?
Thrombocytopenia question in children. please read.?
Children's doctor please help!?
Blood. I looked it up and bleeding ulcer came up. what do you think ?
There is something going on with my body it's like falling apart please help!!!!!?
Stopped. 46 year old female. is this signs of a bleeding ulcer?
Please help on the diets for a patient with stomach-bleeding ulcers.?
What happens if you can't poop?
"Im just curious, it's not like I can't poop I just wanna no what will happen?"
"Right above my hip, on the right side of my body hurts.?"
Could this be meningitis?
What to do about serious health problem?
Need help dictating ct scan results?
What on earth could be causing this?
"It is a bright red blood in my stool, should I be worried?"
I am confused what I have..?
Can anyone tell me what this means please (blood test)?
Blood in my stool and i've had surgery before?
Should I go to the er?
Is appendicitis unbeatable pain all the time?
Pain in right side abdomen are?
Stomach pains what could it be?
Recently I have right side ubdomen pain and I had a ultra sound scan results?
Why does my lower right abdomen hurt?
I don't know if I should go back to hospital?
What's wrong with me and did the doctor do a good job with his investigation?
Serious female health question!!!! responses asap. I started having problems.?
Pain in kidney after holding urine?
Red blood cell count / kidney infection or stone?
Red blood cells in the urine?
How to gain weight healthily?
Can you sue for infidelity/cheating and for contracting an std?
"Please help, I need an answer!?"
What natural research has been done on gastroparesis?
Gastroparesis food help?
What diseases/disorders/conditions are you diagnosed with?
Myblooduric acid levelishighat 10.1 mg?
Renal failure of my right kidney?
Small right renal calculus?
Should I practice at gymnastics while I have kidney stones?
I have a bad kidney stone and am likely to have traditional surgery. will it leave a mark even the slightest mark?
Blood and tissues in urine !!! help !!!?
"Caffeine, then lower abdomen pain?"
Could I have cushings?
I saw blood in my stool today what does it mean?
Should I trust the doctors (testicular torsion)?
Could I have another male family member donate sperm so I can have kids?
Abdominal pains really worried !!!?
Can u eject and have torsion?
Think I have testicular torsion?
Slight right testicle pain: real problem or hypochondria?
My testicle problem please help?
Cirrhosis question. plz help?
Hepatitis c and liver cirrhosis?
Sharp stabbing pain in right side of stomach! x?
How long can you live with cirrhosis?
Ct scan showed fluid around my liver kidneys and pancreas already have fluid in my scrotum?
What is this growling feeling?
What is this growling kinda feeling?
Constipated please help?
"Mild colicky pain, help!?"
My stomach hurts like absolute hell?
Really scared please don't ignore this :(?
Is this a blocked intestine or ibs?
"Constipated. but after, the pain went. so.ibs?"
Is it bad the neurologist wants to see us next day after mri?
"Walk it starts to hurt, but just last week I was having severe back pain on my lower right side can this be linked to the pain now?"
I'm having pain in my left testicle?
Is nursing the right profession for me as I have a bad back?
How to treat my back?
Severe back pain help!!!?
Do prescription pain meds work this well/this fast?
Why is my period like this?
I'm worried about colon cancer?
A 16 yrs girl passing blood in her stool?
Question about the purity of medical marijuana?
Please answer asap bright red blood in stool?
Bright red blood in stool?
or 80 im not sure. anyway it was my great grandma and she died of colon cancer. does this increase my chance of getting cancer?
Possibility of cancer?
Dealing with panic disorder/anxiety?
Shocking sensation in chest?
First aid advice needed?
Flesh eating bacteria?
My boyfriend has discoloration?
What will the hospital say?
How to gain everything back after a great depression?
What will happen if I tell my doctor I have chest pain?
What are some differences between regular massage therapy and end of life massage therapy?
What do I do please help?
Is it reasonable to judge someone harshly because they committed suicide?
Can dilaudid speed up death in elderly use?
Was chosen over roxonol. can this speed up the end of life process?
I just can't see the light?
What is any exercise that prevent people to be a wheel-chair user at the end of life?
Is that because of bone or muscle ?
What does hospice care do that regular care doesn't?
"What exactly do they do that is considered ""specializing"" in end of life care?"
Do you have to go to school if you have a terminal illness?
What's the point of working to get a job when you won't have a chance to get one?
How hard is is to get on ssi living with hiv -1 ?
Do I really need to see a rheumatologist?
Is this a good workout plan?
If you have an o+ positive blood typ does it means you are hiv positive?
"Getting worse! I went to the doctors because of my bad ""symptoms"" of what I thought could be ra?"
I need help understanding the whole rh concept. people with negative blood can donate blood to who?
Incidence of blue iris in the eye with a rh+ or if blue eyes also occur in rh- factor?
Mmr vaccine question?
If rubella igm is 0.89 &r rubella igg is 5.83.tell me is it fine?
"Im freaking out! im 16 and a girl. on my boob, there is a nipple, and then it seems like the nipple colour continues a bit more down that it should?"
Do I have to take this elisa test again?
How much sex is too much?
My mom is dying and I need u guys.iga nephropathy's super doctor help me?
Could I be lactose intolerant?
Is hepatitis c treatable?
My mom is over reacting over my fever!?
How\why do we get a cold?
What are these weird bumps?
What are some researchable questions about kawasaki disease?
Im writing a 10-15 page paper about kawasaki disease but I need questions to at least to meet this requirement. any suggestions?
Is this something I should worry about?
Kawasaki disease long term effect?
Blood donating question.?
Blood pressure med types?
Important! I get random pains throughout my body?
What do I need to know about myasthenia gravis?
Can someone help me please with my medical issue question?
Has anyone recovered from me/chronic fatigue syndrome?
What does a neuro opthalmologist do?
Questions about medicines. my friends wife has cancer and the dr. prescribed the following?
How long does it take for the fluconazole to kick in?
since it contains protease will that type of protease promote apoptosis or prevent it in cancer cells?
Cure for cancer found in canada?
Is cancer a mutation?
What are the problems with cancer cells?
How are are cancer cells different from normal cells?
Mitosis and cancer help please?
Do viruses actively lyse eukaroyotic cells or is that only bacteria that they viruses lyse?
Can someone just tell me if ill get over this?
Do I need to be vaccinated to become a nurse?
What are reasons why hiv is uncompromising organism?
How much time it takes for germs to act on us?
"If you have aids and didn't know it and got a hiv test, would they still detect the aids disorder?"
Or would it be a false negative?
Do I have hepatitis b?
Could I give flowers to cancer patients in hospital?
Which std/sti have is this. any subject matter experts out there plz help!?
Help help help pls i'm worried?
Need help with losing weight!! (on prednisone for crohn's disease)?
"Infectious mono, please help?"
What are early symptoms of et?
"If so, what about a hot shower?"
If I take a hot bath would it hurt my enlarged spleen?
Would it hurt an enlarged spleen if I take a hot bath?
About a ruptured spleen! any advice would be helpful! thanks! and also would a hot bath hurt an enlarged spleen?
"I have mono, what's going on?"
Hematologist or infectious disease?
Who do you think is better at understanding and more knowledgeable with the spleen?
Where is the human spleen located?
Of her body in the lower part of her ribs. could it be her spleen or something else?
How can cure the sle?
I suspect i'm sick but my doctors don't seem to know what to do?
Disability: can I stil be denied even if my condition is severe?
Why do I have this leg pain?
Lupus/steroid psychosis?
Are the gp's office dipstick urine tests enough for discounting nephritis?
Data on lupus treatments?
To find graphs & tables with data about treatments of lupus but I can't find any - could someone point me in the right direction?
"My 6 yo son has had blood in his stool for a couple of months, after seeing a gi doctor and running tests?"
Both my nipples are itchy?
Blood in stool bright red and maybe dark black?
"Herpes, or something else?"
Do I have herpes or am I just over-reacting?
substances that are filtered from the lymph while its is in lymph nodes?
How is this possible when our body temperature is around 98 degrees?
Tumor under my left-upper rib?
What are some fun or interesting facts about the lymphatic system?
"I recently found a new one they been swollen for a long time now, and I going to the doctors today, any chance it could be cancer ?"
"Weight gain, fat or muscle?"
Can you have both at the same time?
"Best childrens hospital anywhere in world, orthopedic?"
How to get my boyfriend to get his hip problem checked out?
"My father is 53 years old. e.s.r of blood is high (95). c.r.p is positive. hla b27 is negative, sacroiliacs x?"
Skin illnesses that start with g?
"In photos, my left eye always looks more closed than my right eye. I wear glasses. why?"
"Thirsty, hungry, tired and cold!?"
Gymnastics ankle braces?
How can I lose weight?
Molested 7 years ago but I don't have the courage to tell anyone from my family?
Weird health question I guess.?
How would you know if you have multiple sclerosis?
What was your first signs of ms if you have been diagnosed with ms and what age did it seem to start?
Video of man's multiple sclerosis disease progression.?
"Can someone help me, please?"
My aunty has multiple sclerosis. i'm worried :(?
Could I have multiple sclerosis?
Stay turned on only for a few seconds and than stop?
Half pink and half white nails - anything serious?
Why does my knee hurt so bad?
Can I take smz-tmp ds for lyme disease?
Do I have lyme disease?
Lyme disease question?
Lyme disease or arthritis?
Lyme disease dr refuses to test me for it?
I feel like I don't know what's real anymore?
", my question is can lymes disease come back?"
"Is there a generic form of ""enbrel"" in canada?"
That I can order online for here in the us?
weeks pregnant and still having vaginal bleeding.. does anyone else on here have this?
How soon does a high risk pregnancy get admitted?
"Will be in terrible pain and most likely won't be able to walk. so I know in high risk pregnancy they admit sooner,but how soon?"
I am diabetic type 1 and also thyroid n my period cycle is 31 days so when I do unprotect sex to occur pragnanac?
Is there a midwife in seattle that will deliver for gestational mom with blood sugar under control?
Best ob/gyn's in boston?
Help im four months pregnant and hate my body?
Workouts for post pregnancy?
Withdrawal method on her safe days I need answer immediately!?
Birth control less effective?
Mutual masturbation pregnancy risk?
Pregnancy risk from mutual masturbation?
"Second month on birth control, pregnancy risk?"
"I have a iud ""paraguard"". I was wondering if anyone has ever had problems with it?"
Stroke prevention for someone who is having tias but is very active outdoors?
Gestational diabetes during pregnancy?
Is my blood sugar high or is it right?
"I had gestational diabetes 20 years ago, why woukd doctor check sugars now?"
Could this be hiv in pregnancy help?
Is this normal or not?
"Stable position to have a baby, but it's awkward for me to have an abortion, for personal reasons, so does it sound like im pregnant?"
Periods after abortion.?
"Eating the day before an abortion, negative comments disregard commenting.?"
Missed period hpt says negative?
yr old women no sex drive?
What medical condition is this?
Health -pregnancy/birth/and childhood?
How come when some people have kids blood or water come out?
"Im 37 weeks pregnant and sometimes when I walk I get a sharp pain under my ribs, it hurts so bad?"
Im 37 weeks and sometimes when I walk I get a sharp pain under my ribs?
Would you allow a hiv positive person to go into your food ?
What's ways you can contract it ?
Are amniotic fluids and semen sterile?
Will tricare standard cover a birthing center?
Does anybody have any experience with how much they have paid with tricare for and out of network birthing centers (there are no in network ones)?
"Has anyone had a water birth experience in vancouver, canada?"
I'm pregnant & my blood pressure is 200/100 is that bad?
Which of these prescription medications has any street value?
Stuff would he make any money of any of these?
Can someone shed some light on wtf is wrong with my grandma's blood pressure?
Thick hair with no hair loss problems. could it be because my menstrual periods are irregular?
Can I use pills even without my 1st day of menstrual period?
Umm..help..girls only!!?
Not sure if I should have partial hysterectomy or ?
"I got my period twice one week apart, and i've had it for over 2 years.. is there a reason for this?"
What is the average age of women who get a hysterectomy?
Just got my period. why is my mother being unsupportive?
"I can stick my finger in both but it's uncomfortable, is it my hymen?"
"Africa is full of latex trees, why can't they use them to make condoms to stop child pollution pregnancy?"
"Pregnancy or stress, any feedback?"
Depo shot and morning after pill during first trimester?
My girlfriend took a pregnancy test after missing her periods by 1 week and it says positive!what shud we do?
What can nhs do about my breasts?
Any idea whats going on with me?
I have no health concerns and believe I have normal functioning female parts?
I have a dark-ish line on my stomach?
What does it mean for your period to be 2 months late?
Period in like 75 days?
Is it possible to skip a period?
What are possible reasons my period would be 2 weeks late?
"She's 23, she's not pregnant, i've tested like for times no period in for months?"
Why hasn't my period come?
Is starting the pill a smart choice?
Why won't I get my period?
Women with ovarian cysts?
Help! pain in my left ovary?
Could this be ovarian cysts?
Should I skip a meal if I didnt exercise for a few weeks?
Clotting during mestruation?
Are these 1st trimester pregnancy pains normal?
Morning sickness help ?
Take it anymore. any remides for it?
I had sex the 3rd of january I found out I was 5 weeks and 5 days on the 13th of january is this possible?
Why is my brother acting like this?
I recently began to see blue veins all over my breast and its creeping me out. im only twenty and no im not pregnant is this a sign of cancer?
This is the pain I feel during intercourse?
Help could this be chlymadia std?
What just came out of my vagina?
Out my tampon and a few seconds later this came out of my vagina. I think its a baby. but I have no idea. help?
Women only please! getting worried!?
Heavy bleeding with heavy sore breast?
When can I change my tampon?
Don't want to wear a pad for that. how long will it take for my vagina to clean itself out so I can put a new tampon in?
Help freaking out and so scared am I pregnant?
Are the ad normal cells in my cervix killing my man's sperm?
Question about period?
Why have a missed/delayed my period?
I didn't get my period yesterday?
"Period is 40 days late, negative pregnancy test, what can it be?"
What causes a late period?
Endometrial ablation..wdyt?
"I already know I am a good candidate for this procedure, however, my question is what was your experience?"
How much is endometrial ablation through a private hospital?
Will I have to have a laparoscopy?
"I've been reading a lot about vitex and it's benefits. but I always see it tells you to stop taking it during menstruation, why?"
"Why am I so afraid, im tired of being afraid.?"
What could cause upper abdominal pain and back pain?
Exercising after a c section?
Post partum- I feel like disappearingwhat's the point seekin help when I will lose everything?
I can't go on living this way anymore. please help?
"I can't go on living this way, please read?"
Upper abdomen pain when pressing?
Serous drainage from surgical wound.?
Weird abdominal pain?
Safest form of birth control?
Question about my iud - any input/experiences welcome?
Drip of blood when not in period?
Feel like killing myself after having unprotected sex?
"Question title : child, 4 years, 10 months. health issues, possible seizure?"
Wondering if I have an std or something?
Only a yolk sac at 5 week ultrasound?
What should I do if I can't see the doctor for a long period of time for insurance reasons?
Should my period be this late?
The name of this cream/lotion?
Wear a pad :( any input is appreciated. if u had a miscarriage how did it start with u?
Am very worried about it all.?
Why is my period late?
Why is my discharge like jelly?
"Slimy clear stuff, what could it be?"
Questions about ovarian cancer?
Could this still mean pregnancy?
months with out period?
Quot; could she still be?
"Never had sex, but could I be pregnant?"
How much do prenatal vitamins cost if you buy them from rite - aid becaise im preganat?
And my insurance doesnt cover for them and do you know how.mamy bottles I would need.to get for the whole 9months ?
How to lose 50lbs in 4 months?
How do I know my vagina is tight?
Is there an easier way to take these off my incision?
"Horribly swollen feet, help!?"
I want to loose my weight soon before my baby turns 1.i want to look sexy for my hubby and b confident again?
Has anyone used a diet after having a csection years later?
Read for details* my mother is giving me an ultrasound against policy. how can I tell my doctor the results?
weeks pregnant and a lot of clear yellowish mucus discharge?
"What is c*nt loogie """" ?"
Has this happened to anyone normal or not?
"Game! has anyone had this, or can settle my nerves of if i'm leaking placenta, or caring a dead child in me?"
What should I need the cervical length at 14weeks?
Leg and vaginal numbness?
Question about childbirth?
Huge blood clots with period tmi!! normal?
Previa placenta and orgasm?
Wondering suspected miscarriage or heavy period?
What are the side effects if diabetic person takes cytotec?
After working out I kind of dread drinking my protein shake because of the taste. its not horrible I just dont like it. what brand is really good?
Abortion concern and I am really scared?
Anybody regret having an abortion?
Paragard iud insertion?
Iud: how well did I tolerate the procedure?
Question about the abortion pill please help?
Is this ring worm or what?
How many calories should I eat?
Can I lose 40lbs in weight with this diet?
I follow this type of diet will I be able to lose it?
The costs of the 2 procedures and whether it will affect me breastfeeding my baby. possible to juz extract the tooth and tat's it?
"Swollen, itching, burning vagina?"
and found a lump on my breast?
and found a lump on my breast!?
year old girl with pregnancy symptoms but it is impossible that I could be pregnant. what could this be?
Reaching out to strangers for support?
Weight loss failures and depression?
Weird period since december?
Why does my friend smell?
Can I take fenugreek capcules?
"Child is 2 y.8m, I stop breastfeeding 2 years ago so its not breast milk. has anyone been in this situation?"
Is breast milk a sign of brain tumor?
Have been negative. after the first time I never got my regular period. should I be concerned?
Pregnant. I week after I was with him I got a regular period. now i've missed this one?
How long will it take for my skin to be clear?
Why am I bleeding so heavily?
Gallbladder question?
Pee looks like it wants to go back :'( I could have preterm labor will my baby make it?
Weight gain caused by contraceptive pill?
Have any of you taken it and if so how were your experiences?
Im friggin going crazy!!!!?
I want to try something other than condoms. can I buy things like the pill just in a shop?
Contraception/missed pills?
"1 days late, 4 negative tests?"
Contraception for under sixteens?
Could you please help me with my weird situation?
On birth control and don't know what's wrong?
Birth control/period question?
Help with birth control?
My period is really irregular. help?
Should I get a paraguard iud?
"I need help, forreal.?"
Questions about the nuvaring?
Tell me about your experience with the nuvaring?
Bc help !!! going crazy!?
Could my side effects be from nuvaring and will I die?
What does it mean when your period is late?
"I have 28 days cycle. now want to know, on which day I can get pregnancy after my periods?"
Why do I have late period?
Need helpdoctor's or expert's opinion?
Serious answers required from any doctor or expert..asapm I prego?
Do I need to see a psychiatrist?
But I used condom ans gave unwanted 72 tab to my gf now is there any problem plz ans me fast?
Before 1 day of my period I do 2 time unprotected sex with my bf on that ngt and after that take unwanted 72 n?
I have unproted sex with my bf on 3-3-2013 before 1 day of my period after 8 hour I take unwanted 72 now 13-03?
"Microgynon, lost virginity help!?"
I feel like puking on my period?
When will my period come?
Did it get worse all the sudden?
Yellowish-brown discharge?
Smell like fish and blood coming out the vagina its a std?
I am 35 days late on my period?
Why is my nipple swollen?
When will I hit my growth spurt?
Period one week late and spotting/light period?
Lighter period than usual.. please help?
Up. but is it ok to orgasm and finger myself while I have a light period?
Does this sound like ovulation pain?
Girl questions help please?
Does this have to do with my appendix?
Two periods one month help please help (women only)?
Have any of you women experienced burning.?
In your abdomen during ovulation?
Endometriosis or mittelschmerz?
Have since been back to my regular doctor and she thinks its mittelschmerz. does anyone have ether?
But still no period . anyone had this happen to them before ?
More of before your period starts?
Understanding progesterone levels?
What is wrong with my body!?
The coil contraception?
", no/irregular period. help?"
How high is the risk?
Pregnancy / 5 weeks ! please help?
What is going on with my body?
Why are my hcg levels low?
First period after the implanon/implant/rod?
Implanon rod question - help!?
Getting implanon birth control removed?
My vagina has been having strange characteristics. need help and answers please!?
Question of vaginal diseases. *help please!!*?
Vaginal swelling post sex?
Bartholin cyst!!! please help?
I have a bartholin cyst I need help! What do you recommend for treatment?
Help I have a bartholin cyst! i'm 15!?
Pimples on my vagina?
"Two periods last month, none this month?"
That someone can take in order to completely numb any and all feelings?
Birth control question. very confused.?
I had sex on the 19th of february with out a condom for a little while my last menstrual period was on the 9th?
Preganews se test kitna din baad karna chahaiya period miss hone par taki sahi result mil sake?
I need estrogen. your experience?
Will I still be protected against pregnancy?
Woman in menopause 4.hot flashes during menopause result from low levels of estrogen?
Steroids and gyno what is causing me to get this again?
Is it normal to ovulate so late?
A higher chance of having twins and triplets when they are older ?
What would happen iff..?
"Seriously, what would happen if you put your vagina in a bucket of different mens semen?"
I have pcos and wonder why when people with my condition are able to get pregnant they tend to have twins or triplets?
Gynecologist appointment tomorrow?
What is going on with my thyroid?
Why does anxiety raise a week or so before my period?
Dark line in the middle of my stomach?
Why is there a vertical line separating my lower abdomen into two?
Pains for the past 6 hours.?
"Moms : comparing to period pain , how much is labour pain ?"
Hoooorrible pain !!!!!!?
What's is going on with my body?
Have you had the essure procedure done?
Birth control or a more permanent option?
"Do any women get a strange ""tightening"" feeling in their lower abdomen?"
Essure vs tubes tied?
How common is it to have a stillborn?
Why don't doctors speak to pregnant women about stillbirth/miscarriage?
Question about sex from a virgin?
"I've got some stupid problems. can anyone tell me what to do about it, or at least try to cheer me up?"
Why do I have these nightmares?
Why does red cross keep calling me?
Waiting to have a baby till after college?
What blood type am i?
Rh negative blood.. what does this mean as far as?
"The male of a couple is o-, the female has never been tested. all their children are rh+.whats her genotype?"
Abdominal pain everywhere?
Headache and feel like vomiting?
Kind of an awkward question.. help?
Missed pills and bleeding - sex too?
"Felt hot, dizzy, and nausea, what is wrong with me?"
"I have questions about my period,?"
Birth control: portia vs. aviane?
Which google tells me is just another form of aviane (ethinyl estradiol and levonorgestrel). did someone make a mistake?
Help please im so worried?
The morning after pill?
Help!! nurses appt tomorrow. will I be given iud as a form of emergency contraception?
Did I take emergency contraception too late?
Levora birth control?
Birth control levora?
Continous birth control questions?
Levora-28 confused about instructions?
Sprintec vs mononessa?
Birth control and antibiotics?
Sprintec 28 day question?
Am I pregnant or paranoid?
Morning after pill effective?
"Concerned about late period, it would be so appreciated if someone could tell me about their similar situation?"
What are the chances that my girlfriend is pregnant?
What to do next after 1 set of nordette 21 pills?
Nordette 150 mcg/30 mcg white pills as emergency contraceptive?
Is there something wrong with my birth control?
I had intercourse last friday which is also my first day of regular menstruation. I got my period in the morni?
"Unprotected sex twice, took nordette as ecp 1 and half hour after. risk?"
Help! I just took nordette. all white pills?
Water intake: too much or too less?
How much did your norplant or implanon arm implant birth control cost?
Birth control options?
Best type birth control?
When should I get my period?
I got my period two times this month?
"I had sex a week ago and the condom broke, I took plan b the next morning on friday?"
Plan b experiences anyone?
Second month on yaz no period please help!!?
What kind of doctor to see for vitamin making me moody?
Prenatal and pring valley: green tea extract herb spring valley raspberry ketones dieta.?
Wife is unhappy. what do I do to help?
Can I take these supplements together?
Advanced nutrition/vitamin question?
"Nausea, taking prenatal vitamins..:..?"
Can it affect a fetus and how like with genetically abnormalties?
Infant cancer/tumors?
"If got pregnant,how many days after fetus heart beat will show in sonography?"
Cough syrups over the counter?
If a woman's whose blood is rh- and contains anti rh- antibodies is carrying a fetus with rh+ blood.?
Passing fibroids mistaken for miscarriage?
I have an undiagnosed fainting problem; could I just be a stressed fainter?
What vitamins are best for me?
"Can I take it as well as cod liver oil, or multivitamins & iron?"
Dry eyes from contact lenses?
Are all of these supplements safe to take?
Is it safe to take this many supplements?
"Like this is completely hypothetical but like say someone got put into a coma early in the pregnancy, would the baby survive or not?"
Vaginal birth after delivery?
"Help my doctor said i'm 5days overdue and my blood pressure is high,sugar level high,myself $ baby over?"
Tubal ligation and one ovary?
No period for 2 months?
I'm not pregnant. i've had a tubal ligation?
What other women have experienced with this form of tubal ligation. was the insertion painful?
Many says that tubal ligation takes away the sex drive of a woman.and it also causes the skin to dry outis this really possible?
What could this rash be?
Fingering and period?
What part of the parsley do you insert into the vagina?
Masturbating againplease help?
Ginger tea to induce period?
About moringa supplements?
Need some advice me and my wife?
What is this nurse called?
Who is the person who takes the baby right after its born and takes care of it. I do not want to work in the nicu. is there a specific name for it?
Information on becoming a labor and delivery nurse?
How much money do they make?
weeks and bleeding for 3 days now should I be worried?
This question is for nurses especially l&d nurses?
What procedure is taken after theres still some placenta inside uterus after birth?
Whats my chances of dying during childbirth?
Pregnant and I just got cut off my public aid!?
I have to pee a lot lately?
Help with the decision of abortion.. i'd like to share my story.?
"Digestive problem, or normal?"
"Cm instead of period, going on for over a week?"
I need help!!! I have no clue if this could even be possible?
Will I lose my prenatal care?
Question about mirena?
How to do the deer exercise for men?
Will the midwives feel my canesten pessary in the next two days or will it have dissolved?
"Hello, my period came on the 1st of march, one week before it was due, on the 10th of march I noticed I was bl?"
My girlfriend took 4 pills of postinor 2 within 5 days.she dont period yet but theres blood out her vagina?
Is it safe to take postinor 2 while on birth control (yasmin)?
I had sex on 29th of dis mnth nd took postinor on 31st?
I'm scared I might have a brain tumour. What should I do?
"'floaters' in the eye, cause of stress or anxiety?"
Contact lens safety advice?
Online eye power test?
"Is there any website where we can enter eye power values of sph, cyl axis etc. and find out our eye health?"
Strange floaters like waves help?
What is going on with my eye?
"I have a twitch in my right upper eyelid, why?"
My to half of body is twitching?
It is twitching with my normal heart beat is that normal?
Why is my eyelid twitching?
Help! me & 2 friends eyes twitching!?
Should I still see a doctor ?
I don't drink soda only like once a week. I don't eat sugar. and I get enough sleep. so I dont know what's wrong?
Question about blepharoplasty/eyelid surgery?
I have lots of question what's the difference between laser surgery and lasik surgery ?
And sometimes with contacts. why don't they get lasik?
Is lasik eye surgery expensive for teenagers?
Lasik eye surgery is the best option ?
Like to use spect/lenses anymore in future. is that the good idea to take lasik eye surgery for my less sight?
Any link between my diagnosis and sarcoidosis?
Is this too much vitamin d?
Today I have get my chest x ray the x ray repot is that bilateral hilar prominence with left basal distorted?
Liver sarcoidosis causing these symptoms.?
Concussion should I find medical help?
"Bad thing, but i'm curios about its cause. do other people with vision in both eyes also have this issue?"
How come my contact lense prescription is the same as my eyeglass prescription?
Name the kind of eye surgery which korean star have to make eyes bigger?
Sad looking down turned eyes and I hate it!! can I get a eyelid surgery?
Vision problems don't know what it is?
I think I suffer from depression?
Whats wrong with my eyes?
What can I tell my mom?
Tonight and I already have the no prescription colored ones but id be totally blind without my normal ones so is it dangerous to do that?
Do you know any real life story of any pers?
Is this a stye how do I get rid of it fast?
How to rid a longterm stye?
Am I going colorblind?
"Black, is this a possible early development of going colorblind/an illness eye related?"
"After getting hit in the head with a tennis ball, I forgot my password?"
"Memory, visual snow like vision,ect. is sensitivity to light another symptom?"
"This condition where my left eye waters almost constantly for thereaction, wouldn't it occur in both eyes?"
Feel very bad after masturbating?
Is my finger broken/fractured or just sprained?
"On the computer, I have nothing else to do lol, I am hard hearing and my eye sight isnt very good for me to get a decent job, but what is my problem?"
My grandpa is keeping everyone awake at night?
How bad is my eye sight?
My left eye 6/6 right eye 6/9 and para militia ry medical eye sight 6/6 and 6/9 of two eye then?
I was in science class and my teacher didnt know. could I have a little help?
Does lazy eye surgery hurt?
Is there a laser eye surgery clinic in doncaster/ sheffield?
Is there a laser eye surgery clinic in doncaster or sheffield?
Can anyone tell me where I can find colored contact lenses in grey with a 8.4 base curve for dark eyes?
Me that becasue of laser eye surgery my cornea is now an 8.4 curve if the change resulted from laser eye surgery?
Cousin cured of myopia?
I'm having a weird eye disease.?
Can myopia absolutly correction posible without surgery?
A better eye drop solution for treating myopia?
Having such visual effects?
How do I give myself a black eye?
"Lazy eye, confidence, and girls?"
I get headaches all the time?
How to get rid of a big pimple?
There are too many things wrong with me?
Any treatment I can put on it?
Sty that needs to recover asap?
What is diabetes and how does it affects the patient?
Can anyone pleaseee help me in defining the benefits of tomato?
"Hi sir, I would lik to know the answer of this question?"
Why is part of my eye red?
Do I need need ophthalmic surgery?
I'am not expecting a miracle cure by is there any way to fix/improve it?
"I am 17 and the last couple of days I felt that my left eye just isnt the same anymore, that its not moving like it should, and is just becoming lazy?"
Possible to have strabismus without having symptoms?
How to buy contacts for one eye that has astigmatism and one eye that doesn't?
I want to order glasses for astigmatism correction only and leave off the distance power. my prescription is?
Do I have ehlers-danlos syndrome?
"Irritated eye for weeks (contacts, infection?"
Help me understand my prescription/astigmatism so I can order contacts online?
large birthmarks (cafe au lait spots?
When was blindness discovered?
My eyesight is weird?
My eyesight. question and problem?
What does it really mean to be a sociopath?
Help.. my left eye vision is purple after?
Extremely bad leg cramps?
What health checks / tests do I have left?
Why do my eyes water a lot?
Vision help!!!!please!?
Are demons responsible for hallucinations?
Which of the following is true about the most common genetic diseases?
color vision deficiency is called color blindness. a. true b. false?
What colours do you see?
Am I colorblind or am I not?
Have I scarred my right eye?
Is this pink eye (conjunctivitis)?
Why is one eye smaller than the other one?
Help! my eye is red what shall I do?
"I have pinkeye, how long does discharge last,?"
Is daily wear contact lens a scam?
I used really hot tap water from the sink. they are now airdried. is it safe to put my lenses in them?
"Contact lens cases rinsed with hot, boiling tap water?"
Help! first time contact lenses wearer! ):?
"Contacts. do I have to stay with this contact lens brand, or can I choose another brand like acuvue?"
How long would this take and would wearing contact lenses slow this process down or make it worse?
"Heal ,, and now the other eye has same signs and symptoms of corneal abrasion,,,is it possible that hale eye gets infection?"
Corneal abrasion problem?
Is there anything wrong with eye floaters?
And prevent it from getting worse?
Eye infection connected to my other symptoms?
Antibiotic eye drops secondary infection?
How hard are coloured contacts to put in and maintain?
I really want colored contacts but my mum thinks its a bad idea because when she had then she got lots of eye infections ?
Do I have an eye infection?
What is wrong with my eye?
Some ideas as to what's wrong?
Why do you get blood in your eye?
Why does my dad have very small pupils?
Can anyone explain my eye perscription?
Theis is what the doctor wrote +2.50 - .50 x 116 +.50 I didn't buy glasses there and thought I might look on-line can anyone explain this to me?
I think I need glasses?
"My prescription is od: pl, cylinder sphos: +075, cylinder sph..what does this mean?"
Ocusoft pads making things worse!!?
An additional question re post laser eye surgery?
Dry skin under my eye for a month?
Do I have conjunctivitis (pink eye)?
"Red area doesn't itch and isn't scabbing over, so is this a chemical burn or the ringworm spreading?"
What does it help with?
Anywhere in southeastern michigan to get a free eye exam for glaucoma and retinopathy?
Has anyone tried that?
"Vision is blurry or you've developed tunnel vision due to glaucoma, can glasses help correct it?"
I have a tiny cat eye like pupil inside my pupil?
Help unblocking an ear(got from a cold)?
How to unblock an ear?
Chances of a brain tumor?
I'm soooo worried right now and do t know what to think!!!!?
Does this change even the way I look?
"So of course I have them checked in dilated exam nothing wrong with my eyes, also pregnant 20 weeks, how to forget?"
Is there any history when eye floaters disappeared once?
Do you have eye floaters?
Where can I buy pinhole glasses in gurgaon(india)?
What's going on with my eyes?
For some reason my eyes feel really weird happend about 2 yrs ago came back today?
"Convinced I have multiple sclerosis, need advice/experience/anything?"
"Working out i'm affraid i'm harming my growth, and this enough to give any visual changes?"
and 129 5'7 measurements?
26-34its my second day of the three day diet and I can already see a visual changei want to lose like 10 poundswhats your feedback?
I got my glasses for my astigmatism question?
"Vision question, went to the eye doctor?"
"Well, I use spectacle and the power of my glasses is high; -6.00. I want to increase the power of my eye sight. is that possible?"
Ok so my persciption is r -1.50 l-.50 cylinder 1.25 axis 180. what would happen if I wore colored contacts not for astigmatism?
Will I become blind eventually?
"Eyesight problem, exchanging experiences about eyesight.?"
Obsessive compulsive disorder - serious answers please.?
year old want to be slimmer and toned for summer?
Were can I find cheap eye center galssses in los angeles ca?
Why do I get so many headaches?
Do I need to wear glasses?
"0.75 sph, -0.50 cyl,11 ax pd 58mm vd 12 do I need glasses?"
Are my symptoms connected?
Eye problem help please !?
Is it possible I have pink eye?
Help maybe pink eye remidies and protection?
How can you get pink eye?
And it hasn't been bothering me. do I have pink eye?
Does anyone else deal with this?
What are the chances of brain/eye cancer in an 18 year-old?
My brother my have cancer ?
Tv or on the ipad. I googled it and it said its a sign of eye cancer. is their any other explanation?
Should I be worried about my eyeball?
Should I be worried about my eye?
I need help with eye colour?
Non perscription colour contacts?
Why does the iris on the eyeball have color?
Questions about eyes?
Question about your eye?
Experiences with this website?
I bought some one day lenses and there have no astigmatismbut my astigmatism is high.is it ok that I wear them for sport and performance ?
Is it ok if I wear these contact lenses.?
What is the name of this condition?
What is the approx. percentage of the population with antimetropia?
My eye has been really twitchy for days like there is a heartbeat in it - what's wrong!?
Is my eye twitching because of this?
School and having diarrhea?
Do I have a blind spot?
I have had it for about a couple of years now but just ignored it but now its annoying me?
Should I go through with this mri tomorrow?
Sudden blindness in one eye with headache?
Have any of you had this?
Causes of blindness in one eye?
Did I get get a mini stroke?
What do my symptoms mean?
Bloodshot eyes - can I play video games now?
Super stressed please help?
I fainted a few times.. how come ?
I fainted a few times.. how come?
Medication to treat nausea?
"Weak legs, blurry vision, help?"
I think I have a concussion (please help)?
I completely and absolutely hate babies!?
Should I see a doctor (eye issues)?
Ques. re: glasses after cataract surgery?
The doctor says that I need cataract surgery . any advise ?
Vision: movement in multiple parallel lines?
"My eyes feel hard, really worried?"
"Can someone have bad/little peripheral vision, but be able to see straight ahead fine/without glasses or with little prescription?"
Best treatment on macular dystrophy in asia?
"I have macular dystrophy, photo-phobia and color blindness. where i'll get best treatment within asia?"
What's the vision like for someone in a dark place?
"Like if its nighttime, and youre in your room, what's it like for most people?"
Help please. right eye is very dialated?
What are the eye drops mark whalberg puts in the movie ted?
Eye crust in the morning?
Can I use clear eye drops?
Can I use them because ive been on a computer and tv alot latley more like the entire day and my eyes feel iritated and can I use eye drops?
Ophthalmologists or anyone that knows please help?
Help :( I see dots and wave like figures.all day everyday and its been a while now.do I need glasses.plz help?
Blurred vision of one eye?
Eye injury - how soon to return to martial arts?
Why might I have cloudy vision?
Why is my eye so sore?
Worried I will go blind at a young age..?
Contacts and corneal ulcer?
Is it possible we lose any part of our eyes?
Is it possible to lose any part of our eyes like retina iris sclera pupil etc as we age?
Corneal transplant question.?
My mom wont let me get contacts?
Get contacts. my eye sight is pretty bad and I have a slight cross eye. what should I do?
Do I look cross eyed?
Repeated question about eyesight but with a little more detail.?
Do I have crossed eyes?
Don't know what the issue is with my eyes. is it possible to develop crossed eyes or is it something else?
Why are my eyes always cross-eyed?
One will be looking straight and the other looks more towards the side.is is bad that they do this?
Blurry or crossed eye in the morning?
Shapes of color in vision eyes when blinking eyes?
"After an road accident on 18.11.12, having problem of diplopia (double vision) in right eye due to muscles.?"
Does anyone know what this is?
I have diplopia - can I wear contact lenses?
Diplopia looking to the left?
Does this prescription warrant glasses?
Eye prescription question?
Questions about the eye?
Am I nearsighted or farsighted?
Im 13 years old and I cant see the menu at mcdonalds and places like that. I think my vision is 20/40 do I need to get my eyes checked?
Reading glasses ugly help?
Run. what should I ask to get checked for?
Please please read visual neurological symptom?
Please read visual neurological symptom?
Do these sound like migraines (please read)?
Girlfriend mirena iud complications?
"But is still attached by conective tissue, can you still see, or will you have distorted vision or possibly blind?"
"Last year I have been told I am experiencing double vision, would this have anything to do with the wavy lines?"
Broken nose - double vision?
Extreme behind the left eye pressure?
Of focus and I feel like keeping them there(?
Headache lasting days please help!?
Deep tissue massage on neck?
Something wrong with me?
Whats this feeling in my ear/head?
Any advice on these headaches?
It feels like there's something caught in my throat?
Dry eyes after crying?
Why do my eyes go dry after I sleep?
Something on my lower waterline?
Oratane effects 5mg/day?
"Is this dissociation, and is there anything I can do to stop it?"
"So, I don't really know where i'm going with this.?"
"Than my other eye. is the pthisis bulbi process (from slight distortion to total enucleation) gradual or sudden, maybe after blunt trauma?"
A patient has a pituitary tumor that secretes large amounts of tsh. which of the following would you least exp?
End up blinking them out?
Help. I cant get this thing out of my eye?
This one stupid question but umm..?
Does my son have tourettes?
Why do my eyes tickle?
How do I control my sever ocd?
What's happening to my eye?
I have eye discharge?
Red in the inside of cats eye. discharge subsided?
What is all this stuff coming out of my eyes?
Naturally eye disease cures?
Harmless floaters risky?
"Lasik, very mild prescription?"
Do I need to get glasses?
Headaches from vision?
My eye feels weird plz help ?
Hiim 13 I was playing video games like 2 months ago but that day I was nonstop. you know when your eyes kinda get stuck when your playing ?
Could I have a eye disorder?
Question about albino skin ?
It were silver/white and today it's blue. is this some kind of eye disorder?
What is the average amount of money a dermatologist makes?
Cant smoke marijuana anymore brain zaps?
Can I sue my eye doctor for emotional distress since I can't seem to sue him for malpractice?
Walmart vision center contact lenses price match?
I have this issue about wearing contacts and glasses?
Need to have an eye exam.?
"Had one years ago, but does anyone know what an optometrist should inform you of when you have your eyes examined?"
"Blank, white page on eye chart in one eye?"
How much would it cost to for an eye exam and contact lenses?
Why didnt my doctor suspect cancer?
I heard about it online but for more information I had to pay. so is this more of a scam or is it really true?
Eye pains (eye muscles). help?
What's wrong with my eyes?
Medications before. does my description sound like the eye inflammation that comes with jra?
Eye inflammation from contacts?
Please answer my question!! desperate!?
How serious is my eye injury?
Is it ok to miss school due to eye injury?
Is this a possible eye injury?
month after an I eye injury there is a blurry spot in my vision and I can't see throught it. what is it?
Am I going to be blind lol!?
How to interview someone who is blind?
Eye injury help please!?
Should I get laser surgery?
Eye movement problem?
"Need advice, my dad is really ill?"
What would it be like for a blind person to see?
What are these symptoms of ?
I have 20/100 vision with glasses and I want to join a certain part of the army that requires 20/20 vision. will lazily surgery correct it yo 20/20?
Is there any point in all these eye operations?
Will my mom feel the oparation on her eye?
Some shades and settle for raccoon eyes so that I don't have eye problems?
The fast heartrate and the muscle problems it might cause as well as the eye problems. will this small dose cause these effects?
How to cure your eye problem?
A little tight right now. what possibly could be causing this additional eye problem?
Im having skin problems today?
"Random 'bites,' why am I so itchy,and why is my eye swollen and how do I treat it?"
Allergic to pain relieversneed nurses advise?
"Pink eye, swollen, yellow discharge etc help?"
What could be wrong with my sons eyelashes?
I woke up with my left eye swollen. what else can I do besides using a cold cloth?
How bad is my eyesight?
"For the usaf is ""you can have an eye refraction level of no worse than + or -8.0 what does that even mean?"
Do I have pinkeye symptoms?
I have no eyeballs in my eye socket. is this a problem?
Why does my vision shake?
Scared about diabetes?
How can I improve my eyesight?
My daughters eyes move rapidly please help?
I started dreaming while I was awake!?
Why does this kid keep stairing at me in class?
Cross eyed glasses need help!!!?
And it's lazy. I often see in pictures of me that my right eye wanders and it's so gross! can glasses prescribed for each eye help?
Could this be related to my issue with visual auras(migraine disorder)?
Like if you have a narrow head will your field of vision be narrower and if you have a wide head will you have a wider field of vision?
Why are my eyes suddenly blurry today?
It might be a floater ?
Does this sound like ms?
Anatomy-eye help!!!!!!!?
Why can other people see better in the dark than me?
Can cone cells migrate from fovea toward peripheral areas of the retina and vice versa in human eyes?
"got a wee bit if a combo going on with booze, codydramol, hyoscine hydrobromide, dxm, prozac and quetiapine. not sure how that will end?"
I have been dizzy and feeling sick lately what does dat mean?
I'm in a lot of pain!!!!!!!!!!!?
"My blood pressure is 165 over 100, is that bad?"
Is my brother going to loose his eye?
"Hi, i'm 13 years old and I masturbate everyday, is it ok to do that?"
I watch sex videos too while I do it! I can't help it! is it ok?
Can you help me with this?
Disease that matches this description?
Can you get rid of floaters?
Help! did my dad take too much cough medicine?
"The change between yellow,brown,green,blue,grey. n they are usually 3 different colors at once. but why are they constantly changing?"
What is happening to my eyes?
Sometimes during the day too. usually when spring ends is when my itchy eyes stop too what's happening?
Husband and hayfeverhelp!?
Too scared of getting contact lenses?
Please help. I think I have keratitis?
What is this one eye problem?
Is there a stable eyepatch or something thats not going to move around ?
I was wondering if you are able to wear contacts at any vision possible?
"Which cost more: laser eye surgery, contacts or glasses?"
My doctor say's I can't get them 'cause it would probably mess up my eyes more. around how much would each of them cost?
Why are the bottom halves of my eyes so red/bloodshot?
Why are the bottom halves of my eyes red?
Me that becasue of laser eye surgery my cornea is now an 8.4curve if the change resulted from laser eye surgery?
Can lasik fix my eye problem?
Question about lasik eye surgery?
How much would it cost to have lasik eye surgery for someone with astigmatism?
Lasik and insurance coverage?
How can my friend convince the doctor about lasik eye surgery (details)?
Who really invented lasik eye surgery?
I'm debating whether or not to get contacts and I need help!?
I need to know what's wrong with my eye the question is in the additional details?
I have a smaller appearing eye.?
Doctor today and he told me I had no fracture at all.is there any other reason it looks like this and can it be fixed ?
Is my eye pescription bad?
I have extreme light sensitivity out of nowhere. What could cause this?
Is this a migraine headache or something more serious?
What kind of headache do I have?
How to get a tan on accutane?
Need diagnoses could be autoimmune?
I need to find a diagnoses?
Questions on prosopagnosia?
Is acutane safe for acne?
Low vision in children?
Please help if you have any information about strong reading glasses thanks.?
Hi all.m 27 year old girl from delhii have undergone lasik surgery 3 years ago?
"Can I use low vision eyeglasses instead of magnifying lenses (electronic repair , watches prepare etc )?"
Why is my eye different colors?
Glasses not helping at all?
Will my vision get better?
Quickley. without my glasses I can focus better. so do I need new glasses?
Do I need new glasses?
Do I need new glasses.?
"When I read(or look at stuff that has writing on it, sometimes the words seem to move a tiny bit. i?"
Why does this happen?
How do I ask my mum if I can get new glasses?
Vision problems can you please help:))?
"A place to get new glasses, that has a free eye exam?"
"Or a computer. and does this lead to bad eyesight, blindness or night blindness?"
Guys would you want to be with a girl who had bad night sight?
What factors can cause distance vision to worsen with age?
"Eye questions- please read, i'm lost as to what to do.?"
Lasik surgery for eye?
Is there something wrong with my brain or eyes?
"If so, how bad is it?"
If you can see fine can you still get glasses (eye strain)?
How can anyone see out of a very thick lens?
How different is 20/200 from normal vision like 20/20 to 20/50?
If my vision is 20/18 can I still get glasses if I want to?
Why do my eyes do this?
What will happen if I don't get that much sleep other than i'll be crabby or something like that cause I know I will but what kind of sick will I be?
What could this possibly be?
Information and i've looked into this and I think I have nystagmus?
"Eye drops are xolamol, alphagan twice a day and travatan once a day will fly on monday?"
Eyes feel wierd. glaucoma?
I need help advice opinion anything?
What does a neuro ophthalmotrist do or specialise in?
Are booth these eye power same according to ophthalmology?
Why do I get headaches everyday?
I want to be an expert in ophthalmology?
How do you guys feels about vaccines and individuals arguing it causes autism?
Reffered to neurologistafter mri?
Reffered to neurologist?
Reffered to nurologist after mrinormal?
"I was diagnosis on jan. 2 2013 with a tia and now it is january 23, 2013 & my left side still feels the same.?"
Can I replace/put in prescription transition lenses in rayban wayfarer glasses?
Do I have to purchase my glasses from my optometrists?
Opticians appointment question?
Seeing things no one else can see?
Lost my contact in eye?
I visited an optometrist yesterday and the optician that this optometrist is. how should I tell my optometrist?
"Do contacts hurt, help please!?"
"I want to get contacts, because I wear glasses! I have seen people put them in and take them out but doesn't that hurt?"
;s staring at a computer screen too often?
"Hit in a fight , I had thought it was a orbital fracture but I went to a eye d?"
What is the feeling after wear contact lens first time?
"The ""rebuild your vision"" program does it work or not, that is the question?"
How recent does your eye prescription have to be to buy colored contacts.?
How long do urgent referrals to a neurologist take on the nhs?
"Why do I have headaches everyday, is it normal?"
What's happening to me?
"Glasses in 3rd grade.. both my parents have poor eyesight so it only made sense, right?"
Girls who wear thick glasses?
"So I don't count how many times I blink. but at school I often get the comments such as ""how do you not blink for so long?"
If you had to choose between..?
"If you had to choose to be myopic, hyperopic, presbyopic or astigmatist, which wuld u be?"
Why am I always sooo hot?
Weird marijuana trip what happened?
"I took a photo of my two year old yesterday, I noticed a white reflection on his eye ball.?"
"Am I still contagious and, should I go to school?"
Why do I want to cry for no reason?
50 transitions vi vs. 1.67 transitions vi?
What is the difference between the two?
How old do you have to be to get laser eye surgery?
Should I go for lasik or laser eye surgery?
Need honest answer about lasik/prk eye surgery.?
Can I use my oriental health insurance mediclaim card for lasik eye surgery?
So the question says it all. I wanna get laser eye surgery so I don't have to wear glasses but I have glaucoma. can I still get laser eye surgery?
Question about aids treatment?
My son got a white eye in a picture!!!!!?
Why are my eyes white in pictures with flash?
Any one know anything about pre-diabetes?
These most annoying eye floaters?
Are these all migraine symptoms?
My mom said she saw letters in her eyes like in matrix?
"Out as if in 3rd person, poor memory, visual snow like vision,ect. is sensitivity to light another symptom?"
What is causing my symptom?
What could be the cause of my sore throat?
"Do I have a cold, allergies or something else?"
Im just soo ugly is there a way of ficing my uglyness!!!! please read:|?
"Does a korean who was born with small eye, one eyelid has his eyes bigger after years?"
"I have really small eyes, if I thinned out my face a bit would that help them to appear larger?"
Why did god made me so ugly ?
Are thick nearsighted lenses attractive?
Is there any problem with my spectacles ?
I have ap air of small eyes.and I chg a big frame spectacle andproblem with a big frame spectacle and a small eye ?
Why does my head hurt so bad ?
Is this coma or amnesia?
Should I get my eyes tested?
What is the medical eye condition called when you look past someone?
Than the other - one of them looks like i'm almost squinting while the other does not when I smile?
Having great trouble seeing?
Will my teeth go crooked?
Is strabismus surgery coverd by alberta health care ?
Eye surgeons in denver colorado?
Hello i'm am looking for one of the best eye surgeons in colorado. any suggestions?
Does red eyes zombie dragon count as a regular red eyes?
Cataract operation - bloodshot eye?
Which prescription medication would be most important to get off of first?
Point me to a more appropriate place to ask?
How many dental hygienists can work under supervision of a dentist in florida?
In other wordswhat is the ratio?
Can I lift weights at 13-14?
Should I become first aid certified?
I have received the training in my health class in high school and have the option of paying $20 to get the certification card. is it worth it?
Whats going on with my period?
Sooky and unsettled since. today she has woken with a swollen eye. is this a reaction?
Once and stopped. also she gave me tears naturale. do you use artificial tears for itching eye?
How much mercury is dangerous?
What is in the flu vaccine?
Do I really have pink eye?
Brain damage from serious fist fight?
Heart attack or something?
Did I have a seizure?
What happened that night?
Something is wrong with me?
I constantly feel high with headaches?
What are causing these symptoms?
"Bad weed trip, what happened?"
"Is something wrong with my health, doctors won't listen to me :(?"
Why am I so angry inside?
Did I get a concussion?
Do I have brain cancer?
To wear them). so I was wondering: could the vision problem have come out of that?
"Can the book ""the secret of perfect vision"" really improve vision?"
D movies problem and strabismus?
Have headache issues please help?
Visual snow only at night?
Does lsd give a body high?
What do shrooms do to you?
Why am I getting sharp stabbing pains on my head?
Shrooms help for depression?
I think negative about my self a lot and I was wondering if shrooms will help me look at life and my self differently?
Seeing flashing lights?
Seeing a glow around stuff?
"It passed 1 year and a half and still feeling side effects of ecstasy/amphetamine, please help!?"
I think I had a stroke 4 years ago at 35 weeks pregnant?
Im so sick! help please?
"Sounds crazy, but i'm wondering if this could maybe be ms?"
Should I go see my doctor?
Brain cancer makes him feel materiall?
Why does my brain keep creating scary images?
Do I have a mental illness?
First hallucination at 11 and now im 15?
Awake but can't move?
Are these vitamins ok to take together?
Stomach flu please help!!?
Norovirus please help?
Moisturizing soap.. I also take tons of vitamins a day. what am I doing wrong?
Multivitamin supplement facts: wouldn't this easily qualify as an overdose?
How to eat paleo without vitamin toxicity?
Question about eye floaters?
Anyone else have this?
Help! eye floaters!!!!!!!!?
"Are there any contraindications in taking medicines (like voltaren pills, ibuprofen, or also vitamins) while on implanon?"
Sick and wanna get better for new years eve! help! :(?
It feels more worse than my left quad. what should I do to easethe pain?
Yellow eye (yellowing of sclera)?
Re: is it normal to have yellow eyes?
Is it normal to have yellow eyes?
How can I quit smoking?
Emergency*how do I stop all this medicine from working?
I just put eye drops in my eye?
Is it possible for my ophthalmologist to have written down the prescription wrong deliberately?
I think she hates me because I stopped buying my contacts from her!is it possible?
is this really true?
Dear answerers: have you known anyone taking avastin injections in the eye for brvo?
"If yes, what improvements (and side-effects) were observed?"
Retinal detachment and laser weld?
How can I get help for eye surgery?
Is there any way I can test my eyes out by myself?
Something's wrong with my brain?
Blurred vision issues and questions?
Isn't there some chance that there is anything having to do with optic nerves in the higher neck that could be causing this?
Need a bit of information about the cause of gonorrhea ?
Prednisone acetate eye drops --uveitis?
Testosterone in 6 year old girls?
I'm fat and ugly how can I be pretty?
It and it works well for me as pinching them out can be tricky. can this method cause scratches on the cornea?
But do you need a prescription?
My eyes are driving me nuts.?
Where can I find the cheapest prescription black sclera contacts?
Blue tint to whites of eyes?
I am an 85 yr.old male in chronic a-fib since 1995. I have midly impaired l vent.systolic func. mod. severely?
Heart catherization project ideas?
"Hello, I have to do a presentation on heart catherization in school and I was looking for some ideas. what should I talk about?"
Mitral valve prolapse have impression on lifetime?
"year old girl had heart surgery, what could it be for?"
I have or had a hole in my heart?
Urgent: should I go through with rai treatment or stay hyperthyroid?
Will halodrol stunt my growth?
Basics of dumbbell training for at-home beginner?
At home teen workout routine?
Shitty feeling.. do I have it again?
I ate so much today!?
"Help, didn't get any sleep!?"
I'm so mad what should I do?
To grow back to normal?
What's my eye color ?
How do I improve my eyesight?
How to make ur eyesight normal ?
Is this multivitamin too much for me?
Moorfield eye hospital?
What do flashes in the eye look like exactly?
Can a healthy q4 year old have retinal detachment?
Questions about pinguecula?
"Possible pinguecula, others cant see it?"
Eyebump.jpg/ so I googled eye bumps and all I get is this pinguecula thing which is apparently permanent unless you get surgery?
Strange contact lens problem?
Contact lens problems?
How long for a tooth to die?
I poked myself in the eye with the end of a piece of dried grass.?
I get rumbling in my head?
Do I have flu or cold?
This started happening today yesterday I was fine and I was not around loud noises for extended periods what is this?
Do you cry too easily?
How to get rid of red spots?
What causes it and what prevents it?
I have just popped one and now there is a big red mark and I want it gone as soon as possible. help!?
Getting braces off earlier?
What could happen to a pageant kid if she needs orthodontic braces?
"Arthroplasty, hemi-wrist arthroplasty, (full or half wrist replacement)?"
How much is the cost of arthroplasty (knee) in the philippines?
"Which knee injuries require surgery(besides the obvious of acl,mcl and meniscus) which overuse injuries require surgery?"
Acl an meniscus injury help?
Is suppose to feel about three and a half months after acl and meniscus surgery(on both sides) ?
Acl and meniscus help?
What knee injuries require surgery?
How bad does this sound?
"Help, knee problems.?"
"Sound from overuse as a softball catcher (no particular injury). it doesnt have any other meniscus symptoms, but could it still be?"
Come play 'diagnose the knee injury'! (signs and symptoms)?
Is acl in outside of knee?
Where is mcl and where is acl?
Do you have to be a licensed vet tech to do a dental procedure on an animal?
Surgery tomorrow (knee arthroscopy)?
Had an ankle op can someone explain wat they have done?
"Wat my discharge letter said, can any one explain it in simple terms?"
Knee arthroscopy 2 weeks ago with new bruising?
I am thinking about ending it all?
months since knee surgery and?
Anyone know anything about acl injuries?
I have sad and depression should I just quit collage and work?
Should I get acl surgery?
any idea what it could be?
Hard enough. will this injury basically end that possibility?
"Normally now and can sprint with no pain, so if this was an acl injury is it possible it would've healed overtime?"
I can't tell how bad my acl injury is?
I hurt my knee playing basketball. acl injury?
Amputee having sleeping problems?
"Type1 diabetes wound healing and amputation question,help.?"
What does smoking do to u?
Problem with my legsplease help?
Sweaty feet large white welts or blisters?
Should I get ankle replacement surgery or not?
bruises on left ankle?
What does my mri results mean?
Who is the best shoulder doctor in the world?
Is this back pain serious?
How long will it take for the pain to subside?
Herniated discs help!?
Please read! will a back brace help?
I had surgery now my back hurts?
Will this make me lose 1 pound in a week?
What is an example of moral in healthcare and what does it mean?
What is this pain in my back and hips?
Please help! what could be happening with my bowel?
What could be happening to my bowel?
What could be causing my hip pain?
How to identify them?
It starts hurting before my cycle starts and during it.i had my right hip replaced.is this natural or do I need to consult my physician?
I am over 60 years old. I am loosing about 2-3 lbs a week.?
What is the best routine for weight lifting?
How can I get a skinnier waist in three weeks?
Please explain what this means!!!?
Is it possible to make (only) your waist slimmer?
I'm looking for some strength excercises that target that area on the mid to low back where fat rolls tend to build up. any ideas?
Is this a good workout routine for building muscle?
"Thighs , muscle., questions?"
Is this workout routine good for building muscle?
Has someone actually tried it?
I have knee pain in my right knee?
Knee arthroscopy - what do my medical notes mean?
Torn meniscus knee arthroscopy for a girl?
Will I have anasethic?
Is anyone about to help me with this?
Does anyone know if I even have a knee injury?
"Knee injury, please help!?"
How much is too much weight to squat or leg press for someone my height and weight?
"reps, 3 sets. what should be the best, safe weight to minimize knee injury, but still be able to gain mass on the quads?"
Knee injury question?
What do I do if I get a knee injury?
Knee injury exercises/ getting skinny?
"Severe knee joint pain at only 17 , helpp!?"
"Knee joint pain, caused by birthcontrol, please help!?"
What's wrong with my knee?
Misdiagnosed torn meniscus?
Hurt my knee! please help!!!?
Pain killers and physical therapy?
"Teenager and pinching, tightness, and pain in knees plz help!! I have gone to doctors many times!!!?"
"Diagnosed cyst on knee, maybe touching a nerve.?"
I have leg/ knee pain 15 yrs old?
"Knee pain, please help?"
Need answer regarding ligament injury from experts..?
Is it a leg fracture?
Is he lying about his injuries?
Why my legs ache all day long?
"Most difficult disorder, in your opinion?"
What should my daily calorie intake be?
Is my heigh/weight good for this a 19 yr old?
Anyone else have this problem after an injured bone?
Did the er doctor misdiagnose me?
Does working out and drinking protein stunt growth?
Did the hospital misdiagnose me?
Can I reach 5'9 with hgh injections?
Partial meniscectomy?
Long till I am able to fully sprint normally again?
Mri (mrcp) with contrast during menstrual days?
Problems after gallbladder removal?
Slightly elevated white blood cell count. today I had a mrcp. any ideas?
White blood cell count. I go on friday to have an mrcp. any suggestions in what could be causing this?
"How can I get back with my ex, although she has depression and is under a lot of stress ?"
Serious car crash just before major?
Is breaking my arm the only way?
Question about aircast brace?
For those who know about body fat?
What body fat do I appear to be?
"As in like, a week. after not working out for a week (or the week after you've stopped gaining) how much muscle will you lose?"
Are these the right exercises to make thighs smaller?
Thigh measurement: 19'' 100 situps a day 75 lunges 40 squats 40 kneeling kicks should I add running into it?
Heart palpitations..?
Is anyone else suffers from chronic health issues?
My leg started hurting today I dont know what?
Is this much knee pain normal?
Bunions on 13 year old.?
I need answers it's urgent!?
What do I do if doctors wont treat me?
Acl or partially torn acl?
The bottom of my jaw hurts please help?
Want to put that off as long as possible. is it worth it to see the orthopedist for a prescription brace?
Pinching shoulder pain?
North jersey orthopedist good with runners?
Prior doctor really hasn't helped me does anyone recommend any good orthopedists in north jersey who's good with runners?
Military foot problem.?
"I had a tibial tubercle osteotomy on thursday 7th feb 2013,?"
Space in knee joints :/?
weeks pregnant - heaviness and pain in one leg?
What are these chest pains?
Half knee replacement?
Leg exercises w/ lcl injury?
I can do with an lcl injury?
Achilles tendon partly torn. odd happenings?
Could I have a peroneal tendon problem?
What's wrong with my achilles tendon?
Because I would be in considerably more pain so what is it?
Can anyone tell me what's wrong with my knee?
Why can't I get surgey?
Left knee pain -pain level 8?
Please read! what is my knee problem?
Why do my knees ache?
"Knee pain, dont know the cause?"
What can I do about knee pain caused by daily workouts?
My right knee really hurts?
Severe knee pain in teenage girls?
Please help me! rib fracture?
What does it feel like to be in intensive care?
Multiple rib fractures in multiple places posteriorly and laterally.?
I have a lump in my neck!!?
Can I have 2 health insurances?
My injury ended my basketball career. now I decided to switch to running. will it bother my new found sport?
Experience with a labrum repair (shoulder)?
Pain in my shoulder what is it?
Why are two of my fingers swollen?
year old with bursitis and a question?
"Shoulder injury/pain, what is it?"
Shoulder injury help!!!!!?
Help with shoulder injury?
Why is my tricep so weak?
Need help with a shoulder injury?
Shoulder injury help!?
Shoulder injury! -how long to heal?
"I hurt my shoulder, need some advice..?"
Shoulder injurywhat can I do to help it temporarily?
How much it will cost for shoulder replacement surgery?
Do you have any idea if how much it will cost?
I'm 14 and want to donate bone marrow?
I have a sharp pain in shoulder when throwing a baseball with velocity.?
Shoulder tendonitis or torn?
"That it could cause more problems. does anyone know if, eventually, shoulder tendinitis can cause a tear in the rotator cuff, if it gets too bad?"
Whats wrong with my right arm?
Does it mean the bone is broken in half diagonally?
Can I go back to workout again?
"There is no pain , but every now and then I get a popping sensation?"
Have you ever broken your 2nd metacarpal?
A little. someone told me it was a shin splint?
Why do my knees and leg bones still hurt?
"Whats the injury in my leg, can't figure it out?"
Negative dvt ultrasound- should I be worried?
Do I have a stress fracture?
In a boot and requested I get an x-ray for a possible stress fracture. do you think I may have one?
Could I have a stress fracture in my foot?
"Too, but not really. i'd say like a 1.5 on a scale of 1-10. is it a stress fracture or shin splints?"
Do I have a stress fracture of my spine?
Should I stop my workouts?
Swollen arm infection?
What kind of doctor should il consult about my uneven side of the body?
years ago I stretched my elbow in my sleep?
Annoying after (behind my elbow). do I suffer a tennis elbow?
R.i.c.e or m.e.a.t for elbow pain?
I have had a painful elbow for 6 weeks?
Excruciating pain in my left elbow?
How to go about becoming more fit?
I'm stiffer than a board?
"Mri said bone not broken, could there be another problem?"
I'm scared I may have ms?
De quervain's tenosynovitis 10 points?
How long does it take for a thr to heal?
What should I do about my hip?
Is the depuy asr really that bad?
Total hip replacement?
Whats a total knee replacement worth on workmans comp lawsuit?
Would you say mild pain is no barrier to enjoying life?
What is the appropriate medical term for this?
Do I need steroids to speed up recovery?
Whats wrong with my shoulder?
"Artificial knees, and knock knees?"
Artificial knee& replacement?
Knee replacement I want to know if?
Anybody out there ever had a knee replacement?
Have you known anybody who died from complications of surgery?
"If so, what was the surgery they were getting for?"
Knee replacement pain killer - length?
Smith and nephew knee replacement?
Why does my wrist hurt so much?
Sharp strange pain in arm really painful!?
What happened to my calf?
Hamstring to get pulled/tore?
About this knee surgery?
Yesterday I went to see my doctor and he said my knee feel to loose I need to have an mri. I am just 15 and I play basketball what could this mean?
Medial patellar dislocation insights?
Loose weight and drop a few sizes without too much exercise?
I need a pain in leg diagnosed?
Orthropedic or md help?
Hip dysplasia or not?
Lower back and hip pain ?
Ideas on what could be wrong?
Is it ok to give tylenol to my dog for pain?
How to increase height?
Dragging my leg cause of pain!?
Hi all! hoping someone out there can help me understand my mri. I have had a bulged disc for a few years that?
How do I tell if my leg is broken or sprained?
What did I do to my knee?
"Is this my period, help!?"
Urgent! what is wrong with me?
Why does it feel like my knee pops out of place?
What's wrong with my shoulder?
Injury or poor posture creating pain in shoulder?
Pain in right shoulder?
An ache in my right shoulder ?
What is wrong with my hip?
Shoulder labrum surgery?
Shoulder popping pain?
It a dull pain. i've been told it could be a labrum tear. what exercises can I do?
Shoulder labrum tear?
"Shoulder problem (when lifting/pushing), please help?"
What to do for my shoulder?
Really bad knee pain?
What does this mri mean?
Is my arm fractured or sprained?
Is my arm fractured or just pulled a muscle?
Is my arm fractured or what?
Hip impingement surgery?
Is this depression or teenage angst?
Can I get 6 pack abs if I has stomach surgery?
"I was injured at work back in november, resulting in a torn disk. now the neurosurgeon is telling me I need a?"
Do you think i'll experience tramadol withdrawal?
Question about als and scoliosis/spinal fusion?
Does my spinal fusion have to do with it?
I am having lower back pain since 4 years increasing.it is intense now.what does dis mri mean and way ahead?
Physical exam need answers I want to know what to expect.?
How much taller am I going to get?
"I'm 13, have scoliosis, and my hip hurts bad and is swollen?"
Why can't I sleep or wake up?
Burpee exercise and scoliosis?
I have a hip wider than the other?
Question about the hospital and calling 911?
"Root canal done over a month ago, but?"
I was told once it's broken you could never walk again is that true?
Why am I still dealing with my near death car wreck?
Through the er at the local state hospital to see what they think. is this neck pain normal with tmj?
Friend having spinal surgery?
Mri results-broad based disc protusion at l4-l5 level with effacement of the thecal sac?
Should I have surgery?
Is spinal surgery helpful?
Physio therapy or spine surgery?
Please help me understand my mri and why my doctor keeps insisting I shouldn't be in pain?
"Spine pain going to arms, what is this?"
What could this pain be?
Possible back injury?
How should I treat my back injury?
Include: will this injury mean I will suffer more back injuries since I have sickle cell?
"Back injury, confused!?"
Back injury possibly?
My doctor wants to visit with my parents but I don't want my parents knowing about how deep I got myself?
Why wont my headache go away (been 16 hours now)?
Ive been lied to im disgusted?
Ive been lied to by both my tb doctor and?
What is a mri in contrast?
Why is my period 2 weeks late?
I might be pregnant.. help!!?
Is my period making me feel this way?
Lower back pain and right side pain for months?
Period period plz help hehe!?
I'm 14 just got my period and is back ache a cramp?
I'm a virgin but I think i'm pregnant?
"Fell off apartment, hit my head, blacked out and my jaw hurts?"
My head smashed into back of car seat?
Am I going to need surgery?
Stiff neck :( helllp pleaseee?
Does physical therapy help ?
Am I eligible for disability at age 19?
Epidural for disc herniation?
I started my diet yesterday.?
Why does my neck hurt so bad when I turn it?
What should I do for my neck injury?
While they are gone. what should I do for my neck injury?
Pre-red card jitters..?
Am I over training my biceps?
For those who do chin ups?
Please help burning/numb feeling in the face!!!?
On and off thing is this a sign of stroke?
Neck injury -- what have I done to my neck and how do I treat it?
What do you do when someone gets knocked out?
Is it possible I might have a fracture or something in my back?
And stretch. any idea what i've done to it?
"I've become more and more prone to hunching and I constantly have to remind myself, but I forget sometimes. what do I dooo?"
Numbness and tingling please respond asap?
pack help and advice?
Question about prozac (fluoxetine)?
How to get really sick?
Does anyone know what might be wrong with my back?
Need to lose weight for health risk's?
How do I ask doctor for vicodin?
Having some back problems please help!?
Should I goto a chiropractor?
Pelvic bone rotation- can this be fixed permanently?
"years old and still have lower back pain, please help!?"
Its uncomfortable when I sleep on my back?
My mom has back strain?
Will I get paralyzed like this plz help?
How do I get a flat stomach?
I really need a flat stomach by like may which is in like 3 months so I can wear a bakini. I keep hearing crunches I think?
How can I heal my back pain?
Can anyone recommend me some exercises please?
Backache and spotting?
Why would a mirena iud suddenly expel itself?
Can I go in the bath on my period?
This is not normal for me.. what's going on?
Bloody discharge - panicking?
Burning pee only in morning.?
Moning urine burn and pain?
Morning pee burn.having uti /std?
"Backpain from the gym, does this sound serious?"
"Constant pain in tailbone, never fell down or anything!?"
What is this pain in my neck and what do I do to get rid of it?
Cervical injection severe pain. someone anyone help me!!!!?
Back pain please help!?
Pain and a type of numbness?
Do you ever use a home traction device?
Do you ever use anykind of home traction device such as a cervical traction device?
Is there something wrong with my kidneys?
Anyone tried the teeter hang ups?
How to help my boyfriend with his back pain?
"Does this sound like an er problem, or a doctor tomorrow problem?"
Help! starting to dislike my bf?
I need a heat pad w/ elastic?
Can I still grow taller at 18?
Chronic back-pain!!!!?
By a drunk driver and that he now has a broken leg and a curved spine. is it possible for the latter to be caused by this type of accident?
"How much does a slip disc surgery (discectomy) cost in india, hyderabad in particular?"
Has anyone heard of fibular hemimelia?
Can I get rid of my kyphosis?
How do you hide/model with kyphosis?
"Which one: ct-scan, mri, x-ray?"
Can you get surgery for this?
Anything against lordosis (neck sticking out)?
My lower back hurts please help?
Question regarding my posture?
What is the recommended age for sit ups?
"Pain medicine max, any guidelines being broke?"
"Could this be the flu, or something else?"
Please translate medical language to english?
Ex ray report (lumbosacral spine ap & lat)?
Could someone please explain this to me. mri results. would really help me out.?
"Chronic, severe cervical (neck pain) can you help me?"
Who is the best doctor for spinal stenosis in dallas?
Is smoking. it seems it also causes lumbar spondylosis. anybody here can provide me with the details of this topic?
What can I do to make it stop?
I have pain in lower back?
Pain in my lower back?
What are the chances that this is a kidney infection?
Why did I suddenly get lower back pain?
"Advice about a good, healthy workout plan?"
Left shoulder pain when picking up anything but doesnt hurt to move it?
Why does my head hurt so bad?
I was drinking last night things got a little out of hand?
Having a hard time breathing?
Randomly. do you think that could be the reason?
What can I do to get rid of my whiplash ?
How much is your spine worth to you?
"Lower back, mri help, anyone with similar results have surgery?"
Why won't my back pain go away?
How can I handle this pain?
Work injury. out of work due to 2 herniated discs?
Chiropractors help our body function in an efficient way like removing interference in our nervous system. how?
Back pain that got worst?
Sciatic nerve pain during pregnancy?
My lower back hurts like a motherfuck?
"It hurts to sit, and I am in soo much pain.?"
Bad back and sit ups?
Has anyone tried intervertebral differential dynamics (idd) therapy if so does it work?
Help my leg hurts really bad.?
Can cancer affect my sisters behavior?
Any advice on chiari malfunction and intracranial pressure?
My mom is in trouble doctors please help!?
Grade 4 spondylolisthesis?
Need help understand my mri of my spine?
Which of these two diseases would you have more of a chance of catching?
Can you please list known diseases that have no known cures?
Back and shoulder aches?
Really bad lower back pain?
Neck/ upper back pain?
Why does my neck and upper back hurt?
Back pain!!!! help!!?
Hanging/ stretching to grow taller?
"Help, weird shaped stomach?"
Fractured neck/spine symptoms from backflip fail?
Naturapath or md for hypothyroid?
How chiropractors can treat back pain?
I need to tone my belly?
Does any one have any good ideas on how to gain weight?
I really really really need help losing weight.?
Surgery please help!!!!!?
Why is my right arm so heavy?
Would this be from my neck?
"Miracle, or psychosomatic?"
I am going to commit suicide?
Why is it so hard to get pain medication?
I have about a male with interstitial cystitis ?
How do you identify a good yoga instructor?
Pain and medication advice?
My lower back where my spine is hurts?
It still hurt. i'm just wondering if maybe it's a pinched nerve or something more serious?
Now and I still have the numbness and weakaness. could this be something serious that I should worry about or maybe just a pinched nerve?
Some healing feeling?
Questions about pilonidal cysts?
"help. maybe a cyst, need relieve asap!?"
Did my cyst come back?
"yr in, slowly improving but new concerns with my disc extrusion?"
Best type of mattress for a bad back?
He is having surgery by march 3rd. we are taking a trip to disneyland on april 24th. will he be able to take a 5hr flight?
Spinal cord stimulator w/laminectomy?
"Broadway surgical institute in santa monica, ca.can you tell me about it?"
Back pain!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Tailbone pain. do you think its something serious?
Can I have some help I need some advice?
Why does my tail bone hurt?
Tailbone injury: broken or badly bruised?
I need help. pls and thank you.?
Kicked in tailbone. hurts!!?
My spine/ backbone turned black?
Should I pursue cna training?
"2 years old / social anxiety.returning to school after 4 years, is it best to take a trip first?"
Which are the best hospitals for backbone cancer in new delhi?
How does someone die by jumping from high places?
I'm just curious(not suicidal). do they die from the impact or like do they get a heart attack or what?
Lower back/hip pain fix?
Why am I in such pain?
"How can I help my overweight friend lose weight, fast?"
How are the doctors explaining their conspiracy?
What is medical terminology for?
How did I shrink last night?
Why does it hurt so bad to poop?
How to increase height for a 16year old girl?
My sister is 16 years old and her height is 4'11 dad's height is 5'8 and mom's height is 4'11 can she grow?
My back hurts like hell?
Hollow sound on left side of my ribs?
Why does my back crack and hurt so bad?
Rib pain show in 3 weeks!! help!?
Is it normal for a teenager to have back pain?
Anything I should do for my neck?
"Neck, back, and shoulder pain?"
Help needed i'm worried?
Injured my ear - medical diagnosis please?
Why do I have neck pain and back pain.?
Could this be a spinal tumor?
I have a small vertebral boy hemangioma showing high signal intensity in t1&t2wis what's that?
I have back and leg pain but I work 2 jobs any answers?
Lower back and leg pain?
"About a month ago I hurt my leg doing the splits, my leg has been a lot better but idk what else to do?"
Please help me manage my tinnitus!?
What could an mri of the brain/head show?
Of the brain or head show?
Diagnosis nstemi acute non-q wave?
Please please help! !!!!?
Donating plasma question?
Panic disorder/panic attacks/mild agrophobia?
I need a doctors advise ?
Stationary bike causes lower back pain?
What to do for lower back pain?
"Help please! severe back pain, can't find relief.?"
Can someone help me with my chronic neck pain!?
Help with my knee mri?
What is wrong with my leg?
Struggling with diagnosis for our son?
My genetic ancestry results are making me depressed?
Lied about having test results?
Information on depressants?
I need a dr in akron ohio who treats hereditary paraganglioma-pheochromocytoma syndrome?
Im 14 and in july 2012 I had a bloodclot?
How likely is this cancer?
Should I get a face scan?
Cholesterol numbers ratio help please?
Nurses or doctors out therefemale problem!?
"On since feb. 12th. I have no other symptoms, my blood tests are normal can somebody please help me?"
What test is suitable for somebody that doesn't know their last point of exposure?
Like if you inhale too much cig smoke(2nd hand smoke) or can it form naturally without either?
I am suffering for this type of skin disease for more than a year now. can it be healed fully and never to come back again?
Please help!!! (amyloidosis)?
Why do viruses seem to have a will to survive?
If a virus isn't alive then why does it seem to need to multiply so it doesn't go extinct?
Little swollen. what could this be from?
Question about selling blood/blood plasma for cash.?
"Extreme symptoms of some sort of illness, help please?"
Skin cancer question (please answer)?
Even if it takes months to get an appointment?
Why does my breast hurt?
Small hard lump on my head?
Hi im 14 years old and after thinking I had bird flu but finding out I didnt I have been going through changes?
How does it change from one year to the next?
Is this the flu or a cold?
Was there really a threat of bird flu pandemic or was it a political hoax by the chinese government?
Questions about the bird flu?
"I have some questions on it, so if you're educated on the topic please answer. 1.) will it cause a global pandemic?"
Please help me I am begging you?
Quick question about the bird flu?
Do you think there will be a pandemic this year?
Could I have the flu?
"How was the bird flu in lawton,calf.contained on may 15 2006 ?"
Why was the cdc taken part and what was found?
What the best cancer charity?
I want to shave my head for charity but I can't find a good website on the internet for it. which one is the best?
"My uncle has just been approved for hospice and I feel so sorry about it, what should I do to help?"
My husband was diagnosed?
Out about an inch. is this normal?
Some help with medical terminology!!?
I get mild pain in my testicles some times im 14 I wonder is this from puberty or testiclas cancer plz help?
Okay im 16 and I just got this great baby sitting job..great pay 2 kids ones got bleeding disease?
Blood thinners and I cant parcipate in school gyms. this blood clot disorder..what does it mean?
Do you know of anybody who had a stroke who did not find out what caused it?
*******yeast infection?
Insulin and biotechnology?
What does insulin have to do with biotechnology?
Is this the cause of sasr like virus?
All I learnd in my 9th grade bio class last year was that positive absorbs the iodine and becomes violet right?
Getting bit at night but not bedbugs (with pictures)?
Recently asked a question about purchase a bed wit bedbugs my 9yr old has been bittin n has asthma wt 2 do?
Tiny red extremely itchy bumps all over. what is this?
What to do about bed bugs?
They have to leave the house they just moved into. it's full of bedbugs. what should I do about my room?
Do I have bed bugs now?
What's a cancer that a 17 year old girl can get?
What are four technician evaluations that could be associated with a brucellosis infection?
What kind of diseases can you get by having sex with a dog or horse?
Can you tell me 5 examples each of the diseases caused by gram positive and gram negative bacterias?
We have been to the dr several times had labs etc done and everything comes back negative. any clue as to what can trigger this?
Extreme shoulder pains! help help!?
What were your abc diet results?
Has anyone done the abc (ana boot camp) diet before?
Ana problems (asking people to be nice)?
Weight than i've spent years taking off?
When should I take the pill?
"Is this just a old man thing, i'm turning 58 in a few days, do to my wife's health I have no sex life, could lack of sex be a problem?"
Help me with a cocaine psa?
Information about prostate please help !!!!!!!!!!!?
First papis a colposcopy necessary?
Do you have to get a pap smear to get birth control?
I'm 17 do I need a papsmear?
I'm on bcp and can she tell my mom?
Vaginal bleeding week before period.?
And don't know what to expect. i'm 18 so would I have to get a pap smear?
"I told my doc I want all std screening. my bill came with virology, serology, and prp w/ titer+ conf rfx can?"
Did some tests and doc said all was good except pap smear. What can I have?
What caused diarrhea?
If you leave raw chicken breasts out would it multiply the bacteria or kil it?
Do I have food poisoning or the flu?
Food poisoning from chicken wings?
Ive heard that you can die is this true?
Research topic on helicobacter pylori organism?
I will see a dr but only if necessary as I would have to pay out of pocket for any diagnostic testing. any advice?
Help understanding blood work results?
No other symptoms just the knife pain it feels awkward and idk what it is anyone have any suggestions?
Wondering about prostate cancer?
"How are xrays, ultrasound and ct scans used to treat certain conditions?"
I have pain in my right wrist?
Help needed please.anyone out there.?
Help needed with peripheral smear.?
My blood and urine test reports..?
"So worried for my 3 year old, was told could be leukemia?"
What is a factor viii inhibitor?
I had a blood test some hours earlier and im paranoid my wound will reopen and bleed again. is that possible?
When medication is worse then the problem.?
A health question please read it please answer it thanks?
Do you guys have any idea about bone marrow transplant?
I have a weird pain and not sure?
"Okay, my right leg! just uner my hip bone. like on the undies line I have a pain. it hurts if I lift my leg or sit down. what could it be?"
A little help on my medical assistant report about blood and bone marrow donations?
Blood screened for any possible problems you may have?
My sister has a strange obsession with cutting dolls/teddies?
Which is worse and why - the cold or flu?
Do I have bow legs or just thin?
Can someone help me with my diet and tell me what they think might be wrong?
Will this affect my health?
Acid reflux(gerd) and voice problem?
What is a small and large intestine?
Is it still ibs or could it be something more?
Are these pills all natural?
Question about anti-diarrheals.?
Do most dentists even know?
Is my condition worsening?
Or could it be something more?
A health question please read it please answer it?
Why do fat girls thinks its ok to be fat given that its as bad to one's health as smoking?
Why do you have take insulin?
Can anyone tell me if this colonoscopy report means that all the polyps were removed?
Ive read online from numeros sites that a diet in healthy fats can boost your testosterone. how does it do this?
Why can't I gain any muscle?
How is influenza immunization a community health issue?
"I would want to know any five causes of jaundice.besides,i am also eagerly interested to know its symptoms too.any ideas?"
Why does this taste salty?
Why is suicide by pentobarbital/nembutal painless?
What I have to eat to become like arnold?
Should I be ashamed of my prednisone double chin :/ ?
Lead poisoning and giving blood?
M worried that it will give up lead particles in the air and cause lead poisoning. is cutting lead bricks allowed?
What is my dr testing me for?
Help with blood clot signs?
Factor v leiden and torn gastrocnemius muscle in the calf?
Is the charles atlas dynamic tension course good for fat loss?
"Is charles atlas dynamic tension course good for those looking to burn fat more so than gain muscle, or is it ineffective?"
Has anyone just had pancreatitis once?
"Attack for say, 10 years?"
Intermittent fasting and muscle breakdown?
Why do I get taller after long hour airplane rides?
"That I got taller after an airplane ride, is it because of low gravity?"
Me they're expecting it what happens with lung cancer?
My friend recently kissed a smoker. since then he has had a bad cough. does he have lung cancer?
On a water bottle cap and I think I inhaled a little plastic smoke. will I get lung cancer from either of these?
"Can someone help me, is this anxiety related?"
Why haven't girls ever asked me out?
What to do with my pain?
Pain is deeper and deeper. also I have a 2.2 lung nodule in center of my chest. would that be causing it?
Question about cancer?
Question about a nursing home?
How do I help my spouse with this?
In the past.so I am very curious to know what is a lung nodule?
Are these normal questions for an occupational therapist to ask?
Is this normal behavior after a stroke?
"I'm 74, female, smoked 30 years & I now have a right lung nodulesize?"
Melafind results - any help?
My mum's found a dodgy looking mole on her back?
Though. I have read some of these symptoms could be melanoma. does anybody have any experience with this?
Or does it have to be the actual mole to test?
Lump inside crease of my elbow?
Mole on my face that seemed to get bigger and was picked off: can they still tell?
Please help me im terrified.. melanoma?
A red circle around it i'm so scared is this melanoma?
"When donating blood, you know when they ask you if you had sex with a man after like, 1984 or something?"
"So I did just recently, but I want to donate blood. what if I answer yes, I have had sex with a man?"
Warts and hpv very confused?
Red cross blood donation tested positive for hep-b. should I see doctor?
Red cross blood donation tested positive for hep-b. should I see my doctor?
Why are viruses which code for their own kinase enzymes easier to target with nucleoside analogue drugs?
What does this hematology result say?
I'm 15do I need help?
"Have u ever gotten so angry, that you smashed your printer?"
Desperate for an answer. please help?
"I am very interested in serial killers, mental health, etc. what career would be right for me?"
Would the cdc do this?
"If someone has a mild hearing impairment in one ear, could that person still become a speech-language pathologist?"
Speech pathology latent tb?
"Cells and tissues: cytology, biopsy, histology, benign, malignant, metastasis. and please define them?"
Did my father died due to medical negligence by irresponsible doctors?
Best medical career for a shy/quiet person?
Hiv symptoms help me!?
Pnr dna test for hiv after 3 months is appropriate?
Also came negative.. soo could you plzz suggest me shall I go for pcr dna test to confirm 100 %?
Hiv blood test results after 4 weeks?
Am afraid of hiv please help me?
"What foods are best to eat for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks if you have pku?"
What could happen to me?
Should I try creatine?
Information about prostatic cancer?
Is this prostate cancer?
What is the worst effect of masturban to my hand (specially my wrist and my palm)?
Is it ok if we consider m*****n as an exciting exercise or not?
Hpa axis dysfunction treatment?
If yourself or someone shoots someone in the head straight through the brain do they feel pain?
When speaking in front of a large group of people?
What's the deal with blood types?
"I'm an a negative blood-type, can I receive o positive?"
A couple of painful problems/can you shed some light on these things for me?
painful problems/can you shed some light on these things for me?
Why does the mental health system treat suicidal ideation so carefully but not homidial ideation?
Call an ambulance or a funeral home?
How does death effect stomach/heart elasticity?
Cystic fibrosis cell pathway?
Discuss the clinical utility of serum markers of myocardial injury under the following headings:?
yr old male- testosterone 426 ng/dl?
If you were given a urine test for stds how long did it take to get a positive or negative result?
How long does it take home depot to get drug test results & background cheak?
"My name si ajit kumar sharma ,age 30 year ,thyroid test?"
Calcium loss in the urine?
How long does it usually take to get test results from the doctor's office?
How long does it usually take to get test results from the doctor's office after coming out from a minor surgical procedure?
A patient is receiving long-term clindamycin therapy for a life threatening infection?
Cancer treatment forms. types and advancement. your thoughts?
Flu shot - reaction question?
Name natural antibiotics?
Would like to lose weight but not sure how?
How to get a bikini ready body?
How to improve my appearance in one and a half month?
I want to have a bikini bod for once! halp!!?
Diet and exercise. will it do any good?
How can I lose about 5 pounds in 2 wks and stop over eating?
What exercise can I do to get my abbs toned?
Is there any danger to using topamax only occasionally?
Should I restart my titrating?
Who should I go to for add medication?
Is this something I should feel worried about?
What mental illness do I have?
How to fix a horrible relationship with your mother. help ?
Subjects studied by chiropractors and recognized diplomas/degrees?
Approximate costs involved?
I need a blood test from doctor?
What does it mean if there is a black spot growing in the spot that my mole was removed month ago?
What really is pathology all about?
Urine test: ketones 150mg/dl?
And the ultra sound results say within normal range what does that mean what could it be ?
Within the norm and we test 3 types of cholestrol and all is within the normal range yet one was still elevated?
What is microbiology?
"Is my body fat percentage acceptable for my gender, height and body-type?"
"Very noticeably more narrow than my chest and shoulder width. is this a normal range for my heigt, age, etc., or is it high?"
Ever have days like this?
Sometimes I feel like i'm the only normal one?
Tripped on a sidewalk. who's bill is it?
How would this girl look after a month in the ground?
I need a job in chicago dignity cemetery how can i?
How to get a autopsy report from 18 years ago?
How to make suicide look accidental?
Brown recluse spider bite?
With a certificate in nursing; is there any position that would make me work with more dead people than alive?
Question about death?
Im always tempted to go in the basement of a hospital.?
Is it weird that I keep thinking of this 10 years later?
Are bodies weighed by the mortician before embalmbing?
Sometimes I really scard myself over morticians and such?
Please read and help me?
Should I view my grandads body?
Respond and she has no pulse. do I call an ambulance or a funeral home?
I need help so answer please ( redo )?
Student dies at 18 from natural causes?
After donating my organs but I do not want an autopsy. is there any way to add this into my funeral plans?
How to get an autopsy report?
What can I do to stop these feelings?
"Medicine for nothing.could I possible have a std or sti that the culture,wet prep ,blood sample and urine sample is not detecting?"
Blood draw infection?
Is my gp wrong 10 points!!!?
Drug test! if they test both will they also check the dna in both urine and blood sample to make sure it's from the same person?
"During endoscopy, certain procedures such as takin a small tissue sample (biopsy) for testing may be performed?"
Help about ovarian cancer?
Thyroid malpractice as it was cancer?
What happens at a gynecology exam?
Z line irregular 40 cm?
No mole biopsy results 3 months later?
Do you think he has cancer?
"Mm lump, is it possibly cancer?"
What's wrong with my stomach?
Breat cancer question?
This is cancerous and how long does it take to get the biopsy results back?
Blood test results - how am I doing?
They always ask you to pee in a cup then if you ask for a print out of lab results they show drug testing. why?
What my lab results mean?
Period everyday from depo!!!?
Transvaginal ultrasound?
Why are they raising the age for cervical smears to 25 in scotland?
I was wondering why are they raising it to 25?
Has anyone on this web page ever have a cyst in the tail of the pancreas?
Adrenal gland cancer help?
i'd like to rule out any possibility of a bladder or prostate neoplasm before moving on. any thoughts on this?
Need to get fit: healthy grocery list?
I'm trying to get toned and healthy. i'm going grocery shopping tonight so can you give me a healthy grocery list?
What happened to the south beach diet frozen meals?
"How to ""secretly"" diet?"
"I have high bp and low blood count with digestive problems too, 16 yo, what could it be?"
My cbc report shows that my neutrophils are increased and monocytes are decreased and lymphocytes also increas?
Body fever (body is hot from many day please see all detail)?
Repy pls i'm too worried?
Nodes remain same size after infection?
Pls reply i'm little stressed?
Reply soon pls i'm waiting i'm worried?
"I feel like hell all of the time, went to the dr.?"
"Im 19 years old, for the past year I just started college and been tired all the time but im not depressed?"
What kind of cholestorol's on the label?
Do icd codes on a lab requisition go on your permanent medical record with insurance?
What is wrong with me blood test results?
"Do I have to fast for the following tests: lithium, lipid panel, tsh, ft3, ft4, tt4?"
What are the numbers suppose to be in a childs blood sugar?
Something other than jenny craig?
Need a good food diet.?
Eicosanoids derived from _____ that cause pain and inflamation can be blocked with ____.?
"I have cholesterol and hdl/ldl questions, help?"
Why are my numbers going up?
Doctor can't seem to pin point what is wrong?
He said the tests say no but they have to wait on the blood cultures to be sure. does this sound legit?
Stop and begin to decrease in number so how I can determine the effect of drug on my culture ?
"They give him medicine for nothing.could I possible have a std or sti that the culture,wet prep ,blood sample and urine sample is not detecting?"
My family don't think I can/will lose weight?
Lose all my belly fat in a week?
Barely any cardio average water intake any ideas?
Type 2 diabetes question?
Pancrease cancer question?
I m of 42 I have diabetes(180 ) but my thoirod tsh is 13.1 so I m getting fat day by day (80 kg).what are prec?
Thyroid problem or something else?
Thyroid test results help needed?
Thyroid cancer and tsh levels?
My lab work had abnormal results my doctor failed to be concerned with?
How to prevent abo hemolysis?
Why is my daughter craving weird things?
Can a doctor explain this to me?
What makes it so special. I know its rare and all but that's all?
Can anyone better analyze my situation?
What is going on with my back?
What is the average cost of a urinalysis (kidney related) and the average cost for thorough blood test-?
Experience on uti's please?
Is bladder cancer a possibility?
Urine culture test for negative wbc and nitrites?
What is the most common organism recovered from urine cultures?
"Infection, he said the tests say no but they have to wait on the blood cultures to be sure. does this sound legit?"
What kind of infection do I have?
Microbiology case study help please! what is the disease or infection?
Doctors only please..?
Help with this diagnosis?
Dizziness with good hr and pulse?
"Me 1 week before this dizziness and everything is fine. my blood culture, my heart, everything. this can be all day long panic attack?"
"I was hospitalized for possibly having endo, but my cardiologist confirmed I did not have it. was a cbc done also?"
Cone biopsy I need help?
This is hodgkins lymphoma so im going to die as no one cares about me?
"Has anyone on here had something similar done, or just a needle biopsy in bone?"
Is this hodgkins lymphoma?
Fine needle aspiration n lymphoma?
What happens at the doctors when you have a breast lump?
I have a diabetes .someone have an idea about one touch ultra system?
Could I add sage to my diet?
My 36 yrs son has to much iron?
What are my chances of inheriting ?
I need to know low iron and low cholesterol foods/diet?
"Pernicious anemia, b12 and folic acid?"
Juvenile pernicious anemia statistical info! 10 points best answer!?
How to know if you have anorexia?
What are some good crossfit routines?
Should I continue crossfit?
How many calories can be burnt in a crossfit wod?
"I know it depends on the wod (time, reps, weight) but approximately?"
If I do wii fitness for 1 hour a day and take hydroxycut hardcore elite how much weight can I lose?
"His body,and then yesterday the doctor informed him that he has chronic kidney disease.with very little symptoms of this ?"
What does seeing a nephrologist consist of?
When you swallow sodium and how long does it stay in your body?
Low gfr. elevated creatinine stage iii kidney disease?
2. what does this mean?
And its not possible kidney transplantation or there is no donor ?
Fine needle aspiration (in breast)?
Has anyone ever had this performed before?
Lymph node cancerous?
"Does anyone know how many panels they use for urine drug screens in tarrant county, texas?"
How can/will I pass a blood drug test!?
"Everyone has solutions for a urine drug screening, but what about other methods like hair, saliva or even blood!?"
Is thc still in your system after 140 days?
Will I pass my urine drug test plz answer!?
Will I pass my urine drug test?
Can I pass this urine drug screening test?
Am I able to pass this urine drug test?
T want to get sick because of it :( is it ok that im just eating more protein :s ?
Hemoglobin a1c test results?
Is my blood sugar too high?
Confused about blood a1c?
Do I have diabetes or am I going insane?
"Hi everybody, today I have a simple question, do I have diabetes?"
Should I take a pregnancy test?
If typical bacillus is not having a mitochondrian then how does it release energy ?
What disease my father had?
year old training for herbalife distributor?
Help needed for staphylococcus in microbiology?
", why do we perform the slide coagulase only on organisms that are catalase positive?"
Help interpreting them. if my egfr is >60 and my creatinine is 0.9 then what signifies kidney failure?
Does this mean my kidneys are ok?
Blood test results. do I have serious problem. pleasee answerrr ?
E coli used in college labs?
What classes do dental hygienist take?
What should I write my microbiology paper about?
How come chiropractors are not considered doctors?
What should I get a degree in if I love learning about disease?
"My arm is in so much pain, what did I do to it?"
Question about gallbladder?
For jaundice: pls check this lft report and tell me how critical situation is?
For jaundice: check this lft report and tell me how critical situation is?
I just had urine test taken dr didn't tell me what these meant can someone help?
Is bsa (bovine serum albumin) safe in labs?
Validity of cerebral spinal fluid(csf) test in finding neurotransmitter levels of brain?
What do these csf test results really mean?
Worried about meningitis. please someone suggest me an answer?
Cytologycal exaination of csf?
Drug test soon :( thc question?
"I'm a pretty heavy smoker I guess. I weigh 120 and am 5'6"" how long do you think the thc will stay in my system?"
How can I pass a drug text with in a week?
To see if i'm anemic so will it still show up without them do a drug test?
Question about drug test hair analysis?
How long would it take to clean marijuana out of my system for a urine drug test?
How to pass a marijuana only dollar store drug test?
"Today with the clinic that is contracted with my work place, will they drug test me today?"
Did I pass the drug test?
Which food is right for blood type a-?
Which food is right for the blood type a-?
Ive never had a transplant or transfusion no surgery at all what's happening?
I need to find out for biology homework but my parents dont know?
I need to know blood types?
My first donation experience wasn't so great?
I feel stressed nowadays! help?
How to kick this bad food habit?
Nd m expecting too please tell my tht wht could be the reason?
Serious answers please. I am trying to conceive with my husband and he has multiple sclerosis can he reproduce?
I need help !!! I need to know what I should do?
How to do a sperm test?
Is a referral required for a sperm test?
Anyone know what my blood test results mean?
I get nauseous after eating.?
Do you know any person who attempted suicide but ended up permanently injured/brain damaged?
What was their method?
Tardieu spots not found in death due to?
What is the diagnosis exactly?
Can you tell me what diseases can be found from these blood tests?
What's the indication of my latest results?
Is this medical malpractice?
What do results of liver function test mean?
What do these results mean?
Abnormal liver counts?
Further hiv test required?
Positive elisa and a negative western blot?
(hiv)i am thinking to take hiv test..?
She is wide awake when this happens not asleep and has a lead level of 6.8 and been to 8 different doctors?
I want to get a cleansing and checkup but do dentists use fluoride?
"Skin issues, how to solve?"
"Confused, health problem, please read?"
"If any of you suffered a heart attack, please let me know what you felt during the attack?"
Do I have strep throat?
Uncomfortable and it hurts. but are you forced to get an hiv test done?
"Picked up due to not sero converting yet, or would the hiv tests have caught that at 14 weeks?"
Worry about unprotected sex?
Hiv test very nervous?
"Attention that now is the time I probably should. I know there are hiv tests, and std's but what else?"
Do I need a hiv test?
Hiv test negative after 2 months post exposure?
Re used needle in lab hiv?
Where can I buy iv glutathione in usa?
Mercury poision question?
"Skipped beats, dizzy, weak, palpitations?"
Mmr vaccine and polio/tetanus/diphtheria?
Question about donating plasma?
Paid plasma donation centers near east houston or anywhere in houston?
"Donating blood, hiv question?"
Plasma donation questions?
I feel like I can offer the world alot when I get my ged.?
Test anxiety help!!!!!!!!?
Is it ever to late to start a ged to get a fresh start in life?
Is getting my ged a good start in life?
"Is it to late for me, I am 27 years old trying to earn a ged and a girl friend.?"
How can I keep my grades up when depressed?
Range 0 - 3 is this the ultimate test for cancer?
Could someone check these tumor marker values?
5 male. want to colonoscopy. how to convince my parents?
"Chemo ended in october, cea now jumped from 1.9 to 3.4?"
Genetic test result- fmr1 gene shows 27 cgg repeats?
I am 14 & think I have klinefelter syndrome?
I am 14 and think I have klinefelter syndrome?
Is this a sign of klinefelter's syndrome?
"Is any problem if sgpt level is -65u/l, if any what?"
hour urine results. what does it mean?
My sgot and sgpt is high or normal?
Could I possibly have mono?
Is this a cold or mono?
Need doctor help please!?
Can mono tests only detect mono or can they detect other illnesses for example can a mono test detect cancer?
Fatigue frustration. please help me!?
What is cause of green stools?
Having green poop for the last 10-12 days approx.?
My baby's stool is green stool nd I am ask to give oral at 3month?
Why is my poop black?
Do I need to calm down?
Do I have internal bleeding?
Tooth infection treated after 2 months?
If it was caught early?
What illness do I have?
I have a uti for sure. I did one of those tests that came back positive for leukocytes and nitrites.?
Physician/doctors only! sudden multiple blood clots?
High liver enzymes mean 10 points?
How many grams of fat per day is allowed on a biofilm fat restriction diet?
Please need some help?
What is normal range of proteins?
Mystery illness! can you diagnose it?
"Qtc 575, qt 390ms at 130bpm?"
All appear to be fused (tu fusion?
I am trying to understand why kcl is added to a surgical patients iv. can anyone give me some insight on this?
Should I play or wait I just went to hospital?
Ovral l has been advised for the following ultrasound report. should it be taken?
I smoked on hit of weed last feb and it is now jan. if I have to take a body(not head) hair test will I fail?
Could someone please explain to me about blood tests?
Are you like a pregnant women and eat what your body craves on a daily basis?
"Is low on ,[vitamins or minerals etc]it will tell me what I need to eat in a craving.is everyone like that?"
What should I do I have nothing to live for?
Is masturbation harmful?
Questions about mdma?
I just want to know I hav tested vdrl and it is non reactive.. so do I hav to test hiv?
How many percent of people test positive on oraquick at week 2?
Do I have an illness or allergic reaction?
Paranoid or at hiv risk?
Risk of hiv or paranoia?
"Can some one calm me down, doctor visit tommorow?"
"Can some one calm me down, doctor visit tomorrow?"
Is hiv positive serum is dangerous to human body or not while doing test with naked hand in a college lab ?
All about hepatitis serology testing?
Mononucleosis and dehydration?
"Okay, gross question, but can this really happen & if so, how?"
"Am high temp, bad chest, the works. she now has very strong urine smell, is this normal with chicken pox?"
Cause I know mine does! is that normal?
Why do I have strange smelling urine?
Can anyone help with my urinalysis result and symptoms?
Fluid from my knee had high rbc and wbc counts?
"Erythrocyte sedimentation rate, automated 42?"
Elevated sedimentation rate?
"I need some case studies about cystic fibrosis patients who also have cirrhosis, can you help me?"
My mother in law has cirrhosis and hepatitis c..how much is the estimated cost of a liver transplant?
"Heart issues, please help extreamly scared?"
Cardiologists! doctors! smart people! please help. having heart problems! 16years old?
Is it possible that I have ms?
Help me please! i'm so scared. someone who has gotten or is going through anxiety!?
I am extremely congested?
Does this sound like a cold or allergies?
I get a runny nose when I go from hot to cold?
Then it's only the blood test. would you skip the pediatrician and call a pediatric allergist?
Medical question about the sinus?
What can cause ear tubes bleeding?
Will an ear tube help?
Has anybody had a similar experience?
Am I going to get skin cancer?
Out. I can hear fine it just kinda turned down the volume. I have ear tubes though. does that have to deal with anything?
What is this to do with my ears?
"I am almost 16, diagnosed with mild aortic valve stenosis. any life restrictions?"
Sometimes if i've been laying/sitting for a while when I stand up my vision will be black for a few seconds. why?
Can anyone please tell me about amlovas l tablet?
Can anyone tell what a normal blood pressure is for a 7 year old girl that has tetralogy of fallot is?
Health insurance(need help on it asap)?
An alarmingly high heart rate?
Question about tetralogy of fallot?
My niece has a hole in her heart. I am humbly asking for your help. sincere prayer will do.?
Why didnt my doctor suspect heart attack?
Help! doctor needed!!?
Help with dental scheme?
Im afraid I inhaled it?
Boyfriend has serious heart condition -- need answers!?
Question about ebstein anomaly?
Cardiovascular system : at the clinic. help?
What is that mean if the heart has 0.6cm/0.8cm?
Please help endocarditis?
"A little and I bleed in extremely worried i'm gunna get endocarditis, if I do will I die?"
I have a serious question about my heart and about another surgery I might have ?
Heart condition ideas for a story i'm writing?
Doppler and color doppler/echo with color flow velocity 29 y/o with remarkable family hx for heart disease!?
"Cardiac sonography, doppler?"
Please help me to stop my periods.please respond to it and help me?
How come our heart is older than our documented age?
Duromine and heart valves /foramen ovale?
I'm faced with a bad decision?
Everi noticed does anyone know what kind of arrythmia or heart defect happens only when I wake up?
What are the chances to suddenly die?
I have a best friend and he has a rheumatic heart disease and he is insisting that?
In what all ways does our heart becomes unhealthy?
Heart and lung disease?
Rheumatic heart disease?
Can a person born with their heart reversed?
Chest and heart acting up?
Should I worry about this?
How do people in the u.s. afford surgery?
Claiming benefits for heart condition?
Bad chest pain on left side?
And cleaned the wound. but I heard you can get (bacterial?
Which bacterial species is a common agent of neonatal bacteremia?
Can you die from kidney damage?
Why is life so unfair sometimes?
Through everything and earlier today through complication with chemo she died of acute kidney failure. why is life so unfair?
What type of brain damage can result for a fever over 104 for 11days in an adult?
Confuse about a prescribed cold medicine?
Looking for info on ards?
Breathing problems and other ailments?
What is happening with my period?
What is going on with my friggin' period?
Calm him down n get him to sleep. not to mention he has bronchiolitis. I don't know what else to do. can it be an infection?
Hey guys i'm 14 and I have a question about lung transplantation.?
What's the most painless suicide method?
Curious. so what is it?
I feel like I need to self harm in order to earn the right to die?
Is there a quick and painless way to kill yourself?
Is carbon monoxide poisoning deadly and pain free?
"What is the quickest, and most painless way to kill yourself?"
Carbon monoxide and copd?
Why don't cooks get carbon monoxide poisoning?
What are the best suicide methods?
Would you really never wake up or go into a coma if you overdosed on sleeping pills?
How can I go into a coma without injuring myself?
My friend is in a spice (synthetic weed) induced coma?
And took h to the intensive care unit. he's been in a coma all day. what are his recovery chances?
I am just curious about the legal position. can someone diagnosed with cancer choose not to get treatment?
And told me the doctor said that he went into a coma but his bodys working but his brains not?
Do I have pneumonia please help?
Someone please help me i'm very scared?
My 10 year old son has been coughing for 3 months! what is wrong?
Why do I cough like this?
Why do I still have a cough?
Do you think I have broncitus?
Do I need a puffer with my heart murmur?
I want laxatives but?
I want to take laxatives but?
Missed or late period?
Have hurt a lot more. could this be why?
"Sometimes I get a burning sensation when urinating, can someone help please?"
"A day, so I was swaying to it being something regarding dehydration maybe?"
"Sickness, vomiting every 5 min now ex stream neck head pain?"
I think I may be depressed?
I am having my appendix out at the age of 13.?
Can you join the raf with mild dilated cardiomyopathy?
Throbbing in my right rib cage?
Why do I keep getting night mares of my girlfriend dieing?
"(male, 24) any advice for life, for my mental health, for my anger and a willingness to die.?"
Help peeing blood help?
Still peeing blood and i've drank so much water ima drowned. what should I do?
Why aren't I losing weight?
"How would these collective injuries (fractured skull, arms, pelvis etc) be assessed and treated by doctors?"
How would the following injuries sustained collectively - be assessed and treated by doctors?
Someone please help me! i'm in desperate need of help!?
Which of the following neurological disorders is caused by an infection?
Urgent help botulism poisoning?
What could have killed this 4 year boy?
Who discovered mad cow disease?
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy possibility?
What is the condition me?
Say the child's full mental capacity is that of an infant's?
How to shave face and head everyday?
Is it possible cutting can have blood complications over time?
How I cheer up someone who is depressed?
"Some problems. i'm not sure if it's anemia, or just the blood loss by itself, but is there any way to stop such bad fatigue?"
Help me please! period worries?
Is it possible to weight lift in bed?
Could my doctor have misdiagnosed my heart block?
How do you do you hold your breath this long?
"Is this blood pressure low, high or average for a 14 year old female?"
What does my 24 hour holter results mean?
Confusing cardiology question o.o?
Bradycardia very worried.?
What is the normal heart rate?
Resting heart rate confusion?
Definitely no athlete! im just worried it may be too slow and I may have bradycardia. what do you think?
Should I make a birth injury claim?
Are vaccinations and circumcisions wrong?
In california how do I make sure my baby won't be vaccinated after birth?
Can your metabolism really speed up?
Premature babies question?
Breathing is very difficult when running ?
Some things online and could this be a long term effect from being a premature baby ?
Frustrated with breast size.?
"Im 5'9"" will I continue to grow more. at 17?"
Have I hit my growth spurt?
What happens to a newborn?
What would happen if never used a toilet in my life?
"Dad died in icu, need answers!?"
Or shivering just cold. would that be considered hypothermia?
Being cold and tired?
Typical oxygen levels and body temperature of a severely injured/bleeding trauma victim in casualty depart.?
How bad is it to do this?
"I'm a 230 pound man, i'm drinking rum with 35% over a 5 hour time frame how much can I drink with out getting alcohol poisoning?"
Is there a degree to which intactivism and antisemitism are linked?
How can I help my husband realize that I don't hate his penis?
How long does it take to bleed out?
"If you cut your veins in your wrist, with the vein, not across, and sit in the shower, how long does it take to bleed out?"
T go away. is it normal to feel this way?
"Is it just ""heart tissue""?"
My heart hurts what could it be?
Is it really anxiety attacks or could it be more?
For how long can you survive from these diseases?
Any of you ever have myocarditis or viral cardiomyopathy?
Can female surgeons wear scrub skirts?
How many hours do neonatologist work a week?
Really tiny it's on my bottom lip. is it from foundation?
Embarrassing (skin around anus irritated)?
"Butt question, please help it's a serious question!?"
What could be wrong with my little boy?
Yeast infection help please I beg you!!!!!?
Every movement I make irritates it. can I use the diaper cream (butt paste) on it?
"Change her diaper, could this just be some kind of irritation?"
Develop. what happened?
Embarrassing question and no health insurance?
Please help. so much pain.?
Vaginal itching (professional advice please)?
't an std come with odors?
I think I have pinworms?
Doctors appointment but might get my period help!!!!!!?
"If so, how often should I apply it and for how long should I keep doing this?"
Anal itch would like some advice?
I feel really really sick?
I feel my life is meaningless. could someone please help me here?
Should I try to help him?
White spots under fingernails?
What is this bump on my eyelid?
/50278973@n08/8449316414/in/photostre its not a freckle and I can feel it is it a type or wart or skin tag or is it a stye or a milia?
Small white bumps around mouth..milia?
"Several times a week, use masks, etc. it sounds a bit like milia, but i'm not sure. anyone else have a similar problem?"
Plz help I don't know what to do im crying?
Milia / milk spot problem:(?
"You do not know what a raised birthmark looks like, here isco.uk/imgres?"
It stings is this good?
Would tea tree oil..?
Which one would be better to use on ringworm on my bum crack?
Does this look like ringworm?
Ringworm on scalp !!?
Ringworm coverage problem (band-aid allergy)?
Embarrassing question about anus?
What is the small lump under my tongue?
I have skin tag on my eye lid please help?
Twice without drinking something. 3. i'm a little clumsy 4. I get small skin bumps on my back 5. some random rashes?
I have question regarding a mri result that I received?
Mri report please read and help?
Tuberous sclerosis is cureble in which pathy ?
I don't want to go to therapy?
I need advice on life?
Life sucks right now advice?
My life is a mess any advice?
Skin problem! help!!!?
Dermatillomania / trichotillomania?
When will my acne end?
Isotretinoin (accutane)?
Large pores and acne.. what to do?
I have an odor problem (read details)?
I've suffered enough for 2 lifetimes and i'm only 18. i'm about to just give up on life. is anyone working on a cure or something?
Should I get tested for lymphoma?
Face wash for eczema?
Please help! what is this!?
A question about chickenpox?
I have chicken pox need help?
Got in chigger nest. extreme itching. help?
For two weeks.. when does the itching stop?
What could these bumps be from on my skin?
"I've got one on my cheek, another on my chin, and about 4 on my arms.so in total, i've got 6what could this be?"
What kind of bite or thing is this?
Thing isnt painful I can touch it and stuff it doesnt hurt. its like a little birth mark that sicks out. will it go away if I leave it or spread?
Little cluster of bumps on my arm. what is this?
Mole removal or birth mark removal?
My birthmark has been scratched!?
Is it weird to have the same birth mark as a friend 2 girls they be on the same size sep mines a little bigger?
Why do I have this mark on my back?
Brother has been diagnosed with scabies now?
"Scabies, please help?"
Small red dots on my body?
Need serious advice. very scared. clubbed nails?
My smoker friend says black lung is a lie?
If my mom used to smoke.?
"Do I have any type of lung disease,?"
(literally feels like someones is stabbing me in the chest)?
What services are offered from the american diabetes association and the american lung association?
Is alright to take these medications together?
What medical condition could this be?
Extreamly painful ribs?
What sort of injuries and treatment would someone receive if injured near a car bomb (for a story)?
"Doing a report for science class, what is it like to live with cystic fibrosis or have a parent, child, or sibling who has it?"
Ok so I ben watching wwe my whole life in I want to perform im 13 I have a disease called cystic fibrosis?
What is it like to live with cystic fibrosis?
"For a novel, by the way :) so what are some specific things about cystic fibrosis that I should know?"
Like will it have the same effect as standing up?
Most effective chest binder?
Chest surgery question?
Who has chest surgery?
Ftm: chest (breasts) are rock hard?
Something happening..?
"Persistent cough, lasting 6 weeks & on-going. please help!?"
I have a question regarding rsv?
Why am I still sick!?
Is it safe to give my 7 month old osha root cough syrup?
Now. how much longer can it take to clear this rsv out of my system?
Has anyone experienced these symptoms?
Adult with rsv. a respitory virus?
Tuberculosis test shot is now swelling up. What should I do?
Question about latent tb?
Few days back my younger bro passed away due to tuberculosis after a long treatment from st stephen tis hazari?
Im sick! need diagnosis!?
Is this the symptoms of lung cancer?
Lower left chest pain?
Thought was tb but not?
Help me with my fitness ! thanks :)?
I am 16+ will be 17 on 22 april and I smoke a lot 10 cigarettes a day ?
Aortic laceration- car accident?
Hello my dad has had rhumatoid arthritis for a very long time?
His lungs for this ild=interstitial lung disease if he knew he had ra?
What could be going on?
Breathing problems (smoking from 1 year)?
Modern black death questions?
Please can someone do these for me?
Could this be a yeast infection and should I see a doctor?
Which of the following patients would most likely develop an antibiotic resistant infection?
Would most likely develop an antibiotic resistant infection?
Help with glutathione?
Is this the way you treat gingivitis?
Which specialist actually is the guru to do the job?
Hi I m 25 yrs old female.in recent blood test I found my testosterone level as 92.98is it much?
My butt is bleeding; help!?
Up on webmd and they said it could be either hemeriohds or anal cancer.. do I need to go to the doctor or worry?
"If so, then at what age?"
Question regarding the hpv vaccine in men?
"What is wrong with me, am I sick?"
Swelling when I went for my daily prostate exam. do I have anal cancer or penis cancer?
Why would someone with a treatable type of cancer refuse to take chemo?
Has anyone out there had bladder cancer?
"Could I get hospitalized, and could I have bladder cancer?"
Will I get hospitalized?
No one is doing anything for me about my medicine and idk what to do?
"Please help, my fianc is 23 and has lost both his parents to cancer in the last year?"
Please dont ignore this?
A porn star died at age 28 from brain cancer; is their any correlation between her job and her disease?
What is the bad/good side effects of drinking a semen?
I just would like to know if theres bad effect on drinking my own semen or if theres good effect what are those?
Bloody discharge question?
Im worried I may have cervical cancer or pelvic congestion syndrome do my symptoms sound like either?
My sister keeps peeing all over the toilet?
I am in menopause vagina discharge with abnormal bleeding?
When you have endometrial cancer do you have vagina discharge in menopause?
Esophageal cancer with mets to liver and lungs prognosis?
Scared I have throat cancer please help?
"Doctor or nurse please help my 80yr. old mom, she chokes on her food or drinks.?"
Do I have barett's esophageal cancer?
About death by dialated cardiomyoapthy?
Could my mom have bone cancer?
Whats wrong with me ?
Help!!!!! what is this pain!?
"In constant pain, and. i'm having surgery again on march 15 but how worried should I be for bone cancer or any other types of cancer?"
Pain is getting worse!?
Wbc blood count in cancer patient?
Stage iv lung cancer?
"Im going to die, help me?"
Uterine cervix (invasive cancer) age target?
Scared please answer !!!!!!!!!!?
Common cancer in the united states. what about colon and rectal cancer - the second most deadly in the us?
Is this more likely to be colon or rectal cancer?
"Causing the problem, or can something more serious (like colon or rectal cancer) be the issue?"
Does it sound like cancer?
Please how do I prevent and cure cancer I don't want to die?
Testicular cancer treatment in the uk?
Why does america have groundbreaking cancer treatments available and the uk does not?
Stage 3 cervical cancer?
What is the best cancer treatment in mexico?
How to contact a tata memorial?
",mumbai(india) dr for advice on neck cancer treatment thru internet ?"
What could be hurting my stomach?
"Liver cancer, weeks to live!! answer plz?"
Liver cancer life expectancy?
Secondary liver cancer?
Could I have liver cancer?
Is this a lymph node?
Sources about hodgkin's lymphoma?
It's developed recently. could it be anything else?
What is the purpose of no-shave november?
How do lawsuits work?
What is limitations in filing a mesothelioma lawsuit?
Hey can any one tell me what is limitations in filing a mesothelioma lawsuit and why?
Conditions of filing a mesothelioma lawsuit?
How does a mesothelioma lawsuit take place?
What is mesothelioma ?
Ovarian cancer/pregnancy?
At my stomach wondering if im pregnant.and wouldnt the transvaginal ultrasound picked up ovarian cancer?
Why do doctors do this?
Information on ovarian cancer desperately needed!!?
My grandma is dying of cancer?
Do you think its a misdiagnosis?
months ago my grandpa was diagnosed with stage 3 pancreatic cancer.. the question is how?
Something serious was causing my symptoms?
Fastest way to lose weight?
What man wrote a book about living lfe to the fullest while he had pancreatic cancer?
Read about pancreatic cancer and I am freaking outmy chances of getting pancreatic cancer?
Do I have vulvar cancer?
"That accident, ct scans, she didn't discovered she has a kidney cancer. for a teenager?"
Kidney tumor appeared?
", she booked me an appointment for ct scan and another blood test , does that mean I have got kidney cancer?"
Do you think I have pcos?
Kidney cancer treatment?
Medicare denial in hospital - and acute rehab too?
Are doctor only legally allowed to treat cancer with..?
"What's the difference between these medical fields e. demand for the position, schooling, training and pay?"
Requirments to becoming radiologic technologist and radiation therapy technologist?
Laser hair removal questions :( cancer?
Experiences with breast cancer radiation anyone?
"Is it celiac, chrons, or something else?"
About a liver dination?
"What is the transmission,symptoms and treatment for these infectious diseases?"
Please explain. can someone got completely healed?
Could I be dying help me?
Nasal cancer or infection?
Tooth problem help please urgent!!!!!!?
I think I have cancer.?
"Unrespectable, locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer?"
Necrotic inguinal lymph node.?
The publishing of these books allowed these claims to happen?
Ionizing radiation from ct scans and other sources. why does the literature state it causes cancer decades later?
Radiation oncologist out there?
"Like say since there's surgical, medical or the kind that specializes in chemotherapy, and radiation, could one do all of these?"
What is the most advanced radiation oncology?
"Is there a radiation oncology cancer center near dfw, tx that offers the tomotherapy h series?"
What health problem could I have in the future?
What kind of cancer did hugo chavez have?
Any info about small cell lung cancer?
What you knows about small cell lung cancer?
I need more information about small cell lung cancer or where I could document?
What is wrong with my husband?
Emergency alert system for stage four cancer patient help!?
Im 13 and am so confused about gerd. help?
Why do I always think I have a serious illness?
Is this most certainly throat cancer?
Help please help !!!?
Can I get cancer again?
What is the lump in the throat?
Thyroid nodules likely benign but?
I'm 13 and ive noticed the left side of my urethra is swollen?
Another week. what can it mean if the bleeding stops?
Chances of uterine cancer?
Help! I have to go to planned parenthood!?
When will my period come back?
Can you get vaginal cancer if?
"Help, thinking I have vaginal cancer?"
About a bump on the right side of vagina lip?
What are the major three types of vagina cancer or cancers relating to the vagina.?
Who has had robotic prostate surgery and do you feel you made the right choice?
Questions related to doctors! :)?
"Well, i've an ambition of being a doctor. oncology doctor. what do they bascially do and what subjects should I major in ?"
My dad did radiation in 2010 to remove a tumor in the throat?
Breast cancer information?
"During surgery or with patient, how do oncologist protect themselves?"
And now nose bleed. can someone tell me she's gona get better?
But don't feel good. loosing my hair and hearing. shall I stop the medicine?
"I've been eating healthier, and have been noticing a few changes, are they good, or bad?"
Is this a flu or something?
"When your in so much pain how do you get the energy, motivation to get up and sieze the day?"
Whats a good mattress/bed combo?
Lazy or is this normal?
Can you get in trouble if you had ash from smoking weed & a pipe in your dorm room?
Ra and difficulty breathing?
"I just found out I have this condition, but can I drink wine with it?"
Does my blood work and symptoms indicate lupus and or limited scleroderma?
How tall will I be if my mom is 5'9 and my dad is 5'10ft?
Herbs and blood thinning?
Cytochrome p450 and clearance of meds?
Medicine for kneepain ?
"I have the flu, how can I get better asap?"
Dr scott saunders recommends?
Dr saunders recommends a weird spice for diabetes does anybody know if it is turmeric/curcumin ?
Not ovulatingplease help me!?
And wondered if maybe that was better.i also did evening primrose at the same time as chasteberry is that good do you think?
Blindness and sudden sickness?
Psoriatic arthritis or something more?
My hand hurts (20 char)?
Weather (i live in fl)?
Should I go to the hospital tomorrow?
Alternatives to squats for bad knees?
Pain when lifting weights?
Pains when lifting weights?
Who is the israeli scientist who is supposed to have cured cancer by changing patient alkalinity?
Where is the report/evidence?
Through the cavity site at a 90 degree angle in order to delay extraction and prevent bone loss at the tip of the root?
Medicare oral surgeons?
Has anyone had this problem ?
2 years old and hip bone pain?
What knee problem could this be?
Would I need a medical i'd bracelet?
Chronic pain spike help?
"I am new to phoenix az and am trying to find a dr to give me pain meds, anyone know of a good dr?"
Do uk pain mangement clinic doctors dislike prescribing strong pain killers?
Heart feels funny and it's really scaring me?
Should I be worried about my symptoms?
How much longer until my ankle heals?
Who are the best doctors in the united states who treat complex regional pain syndrome aka rsd.?
Lower back pain explanation?
Knee issues.. what does it mean?
Help me with my medical condition please!!?
"Im worried I might have it. I hear its a genetic disorder, but does that mean it runs in the family?"
What are my chances of getting a deviated septum?
"Recently referred me to the hospital, suspecting that I may have ehlers-danlos syndrome. what sort of thing will the specialist do?"
Should I mention this to the doctor?
Are my neck bones/muscles normal?
"I'm starting a volunteering job at a rest home, but I feel discouraged and depressed..?"
Why do I always feel so tired?
Please could you give me your opinion on this 'very brief' medical article?
I am a 17 year old girl and I want toner and skinnier legs. if I do leg press will it thin up my legs?
Help regarding exercise..?
Why are my ankles swollen?
Feet and ankles swollen painful and red. what to do?
Should we revisit doctors?
Is polyarheritis chronic?
Would you change your doctor if you were me?
"Help! someone in my family started to have cold hands and feet, even though the weather is not cold! t.t?"
Should I quit my job and focus on my health?
I have a gp appointment but not until march?
Are there any doctors online who could tell me the equivolent dose of amytriptaline to 210mg lofepramine?
Foot injury-10 points?
And redness/irritation until I can get to a doctor?
Im a 13 year old girl and sometimes one of my fingers or thumb really hurts. arthritis runs in my family does it mean I can get it at an early age?
yr old has a postive centromere b antibody result?
I always have joint pain?
Knee mri - need help interpreting please!?
Help with a weekly workout routine..?
"Constant, nonstop chest pain?"
Why doesn't my mom want me to lose weight?
Help with finding the etiology of rheumatoid arthritis?
What is wrong with my tongue?
Have an effect like this?
What are some common ingredients to avoid?
What are the best for human plumbing?
Is this a healthy protein drink?
Uti & out of hours gp?
"To ""thaw out"". my parents think I have raynaud's syndrome. what do you think?"
Help with a weird skin condition?
Raynaud syndrome and palpitations?
To start working. so could it just be the pills?
How you advise my gout?
"I am having mild scoliosis and ankylosing spondilytis, will I qualify for getting a pc/ph certificate in india?"
Cure for arthritis it's for my nanny?
What is wrong with my arm?
What could be wrong with my arm?
Is it a pulled muscle or something else?
How concerning is my blood work?
Health question about auto immune disorders!?
Help losing weight. ?
"Need opinions please! on enbrel, new job & no insurance.?"
Enbrel coverage throught tufts navigator?
Has anyone on this site had experience with arthritic psoriasis?
I am currently under doctors care and diagnosed with osteoarthritis in the past 3 years.?
What is the urice acid can it cuore pemanently . how?
Weight loss while on medication?
Paragard and tampons.. help!?
Paragard and tampons?
Chlamydia question! help!?
I am 16 . I just found out I had this for 6 months and got treated with doxycycline. will I still be able to have kids in the future?
I might have lymphoma urgent help!?
Any ideas on my mystery diagnosis?
"I'm wondering, at what bodyweight do joint problems start becoming likely?"
Question about celiac disease?
Doctors lie about my right shoulder?
Problems with my ankle?
Muscle and joint problems?
Why are my knees hurting like this?
"Sexual function, normalization of prostatic fluid, and an increase in 17-ketosteroids in urine"" so what about the results ?"
I need a good thesis statement for my introduction on polycystic ovarian syndrome?
Plasma acth test questions?
What did I do to my knee (symptoms)?
Can general practitioners prescribe accutane in canada?
"Anemia issues with parent, help.?"
"Dermatology, unresolved hives?"
Has anyone ever heard of serious reactions to the oral cortisone meds?
Will the steroids help my sciatica problem?
"Clinical reasoning, blood sugar, inr?"
Is 2. which medication will you hold?
Right hip or butt bone or muscle?
Chiropractor made things worse?
Meloxicam 15 mg.does this pill help with pill detox?
When should I take my painkillers (nsaids?
Are these tablets affecting me able to get horny?
Unexplained knee pain?
"There anything I can do besides taking an anti-inflammatory, meloxicam in this case, that will provide pain relief or speed the healing process?"
I'm having injection tomorrow?
Chemotherapy help please?
"In going through the proccess of getting an abortion, could I be having an allergic reaction?"
Can someone explain what the two dots over vi (../vi) means?
Sle attack to my sister . is clear cure ?
Knee pain-fall. please help me?
Should I go to the doctor for my knee?
"Can I use neomycin and polymyxin b sulfates and hydrocortisone otic solution, usp on my 4 year old beagel.?"
I see this product everywher. what does it do to cuts?
"From this list, what would you pick to use for perioral dermatitis/seborrheic dermatitis on the beard area?"
I have been on prednisone since nov.. I took 20mg for a month then 15mg for a month and then 10 mg for a mont?
"Me, I already know. also, is raynauds disease related?"
Should I see someone?
Do I have ibs or ibd?
"I am a 16 year old girl, who needs to help my mom. she is addicted to drugs. please read.?"
R-a factor make positive to negative?
Afraid of rheumatic fever?
Rheumatic fever and strep?
Ayurveda or allopathy?
My throat has been feeling really ticklish?
Anyone familiar enough to make suggestions?
Anyone know why this is?
Happen and what can be done to stop this ?
"Feedback on sai rheumatology center bhrakatpura, hyderabad?"
"Specifically neurosurgery even though I am open to other branches of medicine like rheumatology, neurology, psychiatry, neonatology,and oncology) ?"
The miserable body aches last?
Could I possibly have hiv?
year old male do I have herpes?
Does anyone else have this side effect from adderall xr?
Is this a birth mark?
My toe felt weird when I woke up! help!?
A question about overdosing?
Is this a brain tumor?
My elbow really hurts?
If it does how long would it take?
"Help, my mother feels bad pains.?"
Diabetic medicine in ayurveda?
My cramps are going to be the death of me.?
Please help!!!! am in absolute agonnyy!!!!!?
Any suggestions on supplement/vitamins?
"Not endomitriosis, extremely severe cramps. help?"
Do I have to take these pills?
"Foot pain, please help!?"
No injections & immune system?
"Having knee problems, help?"
Why does my butt hurt?
"Cancer worry, 19 years old!?"
What will jogging do for my body?
I need help it is pertaining to my left leg (groin & hip flexor) please anybody help?
Keyloid nuchae help what should I do?
Did the benadryl I took for yrs mask my allergies?
"Back pain, how to get rid of it?"
Should I do weight training?
Help!!! scared to have injections!!!?
That i'd like to keep the piercing and so we're trying steroid shots with jewel intact. has anyone tried this?
Could I be or is it just me being crazy?
"Aids/hiv symptoms, negative test results?"
Why are my cheeks and nose red?
The rash on my face spread!!?
How can you die as a boy if you get stabbed in the guts and how can you die if you get stabbed in the appendix?
Help!! bad knee pain?
Please recognise the disease I am female age 49?
Please tell name of desease. pls?
Question about a prescription name?
"My ocd, should I be concerned?"
Why do my legs hurt when I sleep?
"Frequent ""fluttering"" under right rib cage?"
How would I get the doc to run this test?
Where is a aortic anerizum?
How often is aortic study needed in a patient who has a parent who died from a ruptured aortic aneurysm?
Worst headache of my life!?
Pain in neck and heart?
Painful. could it come from my arteries?
Pain in stomach and heart beat?
Calf muscle pain diagnosis?
What is the incidence of cardiovascular disease in the nursing?
Should I eat bread while cutting or not?
Health education question?
Could it be a stroke?
"Okay,so I went to the hospital right?"
"Im 17, my chest hurts like crazy?"
Can you develop diabetic nerve pain in your lower leg following heart failure?
What is the definition of mvp?
"I'm a 17 year old girl, weight about 170 pounds about 5 ft 9. my resting heart beat is 128 bpm and i'm wondering if this is a problem?"
"Hi, i'm 14 years old and very unflexible! I can't even touch my toes (bad right?"
"Out of the blue). my question is, is my throat or lungs damaged?"
Possible pneumonia or body just forgot hes not sick?
Everytime I laugh I fart?
Why is heart disease both a personal health problem and community health problem?
How quick is it with the right training to get that barrel chest and chiseled abs?
"I have a respiratory system case study for my anatomy class and need to find the disease,please help! :)?"
"My weight, 171lbs, I am scared.?"
Which of the following findings would be an idication for a femorofemoral bypass graft?
No need to treat it & some are suggesting that he should do a bypass surgery. what should we do?
Do you think celebs secretly get gastric bypass surgery?
I know it's pretty risky..but they get all kinds of plastic surgery to look good why wouldn't they do this too?
Does heart bypass surgery require opening the chest to get to the heart?
Will my insurance cover excess skin removal?
What cardiovascular operations were common in the 1950's?
What ratio is the mortality rate in this statistic for cabg surgery study.?
I am 63yrmale cabg done5yrs. back taking ecosprin gold10+zyloric10+nebi2.5?
Which health insurance beneficial for heart patients?
Questions about pectus excavatum (chest deformity)?
How much would one small breast implant cost?
Question about atherosclerosis and angina?
What funding is available for cystic fibrosis double lung transplants?
Pectus excavatum help :(?
Fitting a small bra with pectus excavatum and scoliosis?
Wearing a muscle shirt with pectus excavatum?
Will it make it more noticeable then a regular shirt?
My dad is having heart bypass surgery?
Question about a lung biopsy?
Is it possible for me to get lung cancer/heart desease?
I kinda want to smoke?
Will replacing the heart cure heart cancer?
"I have never heard of heart cancer, does it occur?"
Do surgical gloves turn yellow after use?
How do I get over the fact that I just saw a real human heart beating on video?
The squeamish person I am saw a heart operation on youtube. how do I get over the fact that I watched it?
Work outs to build muscle throughout your body?
Why don't people bleed out during open heart surgery?
How much u think it will cost to get surgery?
Help heart attacks (10 points)?
My dad had a heart attack?
Chest workout without incline movements like bench press?
Bleeding from a hickey?
About him: he has had (i think triple?
Replacing heart with someone's heart?
What can I do to change my life?
Research help--please! name websites to help me.?
Waiting for heart transplant?
Surgery please help me?
Weight training and the heart?
Big rib cage question will it shrink?
Whats this body shape?
Nervous about gf seeing my scar?
Coughing after open heart surgery?
After open heart surgery how long does it take for a person to wake up?
I feel depressed. help?
Information about blebs on lungs and pneumothorax?
Hello im currently in the hospital from spontanious pneumothorax ( collapsed lung )?
Im 19 years old will this affect my life expectancy ?
Any help will be greatly appreciated. help for getting rid off a protruding sternum?
"Mr. greco, a patient with clotting problems, has been hospitalized with right-sided heart failure. what is his?"
"Problems, has been hospitalized with right-sided heart failure. what is his condition?"
Read this :) help me!!?
Foot swelling at side of foot..?
Do successful thoracic surgeons make a lot of money?
Really nervous about recurrence?
Have is gas. what can I eat or drink?
It's the second time :s the last time was the last time I purged lmao. erm so now what?
Do you need to be admitted into hospital if?
What would happen if a lit cigarette went into your mouth and burned a hole through your throat?
Questions about weaning off a ventilator in hospital?
What is that machine called that helps you breathe/tracks breathing?
Doctor says I have tracheitis?
Coughing from social anxiety?
How many smokers get a tracheostomy each year?
Doing a little research.. any trustworthy websites that tell you?
Like why do people have it done and how do people fix the hole so they dont have to live with it forever?
"Should nurse, doctor, and respiratory therypist be able to tell when water is going up a ventilator tube?"
Need nurse or bureau with experience with tracheostomy?
Does anyone have references for nurses(male / female) with tracheostomy experience (suction / aspiration / speaking valve etc) in mumbai?
How long does my dad have if he's been connected to a ventilator and receiving pure oxygen?
What is that device called?
It is named after someone?
What is this disease called?
Was annie sullivan blind when she was born?
A question about tricuspid valve disease..?
Can health insurance coverage be denied to a doctor that fell out of network during course of treatment?
Of what this could be?
How many people die each year of aortic aneurysms in canada?
Im 13 and wanna tone my body up?
"Problems with my skin, please help!?"
"I have problems with my skin, can anybody help?"
My 14 year son has a pigeon chest. he stands at 6 foot high hes heart is large and so is hes lungs?
We had a x rays done on him ?
"When I was 12-13 and in intense growth, my chest (sternum) popped out (2-3cm). now I am 15 and still growing a little bit. will it ever go away?"
Help with choosing a bra?
Help with getting fit?
Vasectomy (i need answers from people that really know about it)?
and wetting the bed! help?
Premature ejaculation?
What are some home remedies?
Sexual timing pls help?
U know like the kagel master etc.. do any work to really help stop incontinance?
What does it mean if a girls vagina is tighter the second time she's had ses?
"She was much tighter the second time around. I know she doesnt do kegel exercises, what does this mean?"
Why are things like male multiple orgasms and male g-spots not commonly known?
"I am so embarrassed that I can't go out in public! please help me, tell me what to do.?"
Butnstill a teen so its supposed to be irregular). ive notice I seen to be leaking urine?
Urinary incontinence! please answer!?
Leaking urine. need help?
"Is this all from anxiety, or something else?"
Do they do anything good?
Possibly be an early sign of hiv?
Is this normal or should I see a doctor?
Can oab(overactive bladder) do these things?
Has anyone ever tried acupuncture?
Annoying medical problem help?
I've been smoking weed for a year but then stoped when I had to take the pill so like can I still smoke while taking the pill ?
I'm peeing way too much?
"What is wrong with me, doctors finding nothing?"
Rectal prolapse - need help!?
Why are doctors arrogant and unhelpful to people with bowel problems?
Can ibs be cured through surgery?
Question about laxatives?
Has anyone had to have several surgeries after having a hsysterectomy bladder reconstruction and cystocele?
Would I have a psychotic relapse?
Uncontrolled bladder?
Should I wear a diaper?
Someone diagnose me!?
Can bladder training cause uti?
Diaper punishment - need suggestions?
Any sure ways to beat a urine drug test to cover meth?
Have a uti and no insurance..?
What is going on with me?
Please help i'm scared?
What am I suffering from?
To pee. I have checked the symptoms of uti and gonorrhea and it seems more like uti. anyone agree?
Need help with medicine for gonorrhea?
Out. is this serious?
What's wrong with my vagina?
(trimethoprim) for kidney infection..what kind of bacteria is it (names)?
"My girlfriend still in pain and the kidney infection still there. today she was given trimethoprim antibiotic, is it good enough?"
Can you tell me as much information as you can about urea urealyticum?
If that's normal with a catheter. i'm also having quite a few bladder spasms. does my symptoms sound like a sign of a uti?
"Bladder issues, plz help!!!!!?"
Is this not normal for angiograms?
Why do pillows hurt my head?
Calf muscle pain! beg you! help!?
Why do I feel so nauseous?
Aware of that fact but it still doesn't change the matter that the tingling is in the same spot on?
I have a patient with a diagnosis of deep vein thrombosis in the rt for arm what nursing diagnosis can I use.?
Could sleeping in a cramped place cause you to get dvt?
Could this be deep vein thrombosis?
";s no swelling anywhere else, just that strange lump. is this deep vein thrombosis?"
Parts of my body start to hurt?
What is wrong with my right leg falls asleep?
"If a person dies for 20 minutes and are revived, are they..?"
"The wound, and how long did it take, also was the wound painful, or just numb?"
How can I get a flat stomach for the summer?
Ok so you know that annoying app where it makes that buzzing sound where some adults cant hear it?
A medical contion which limits your life span to a certain amount?
Ulcerous foot infection?
"My sister has high bp and diabetics and last summer she fell unconscious. after so much treatment, she is stil?"
Varicose veins please help really scared!?
Question about risks of bcp and pressure?
Varicose vein with a lump?
with varicose veins?
"Ways to lose weight reasonably, quickly, but easily?"
A question about ulcers?
Ok I have a blood pressure question lol?
Paresthesia and perfusion?
"Teen, skinny, low blood circulation in knees, how to help?"
What are these marks on my skin?
"But i'm not finding much. I did read about venous insufficiency, if this could possibly be it?"
. rather than faulty lymphatic drainage?
What are some risks which might be associated with this?
What to do with a swollen ankle?
Swollen left leg.. help please?
Please diagnose meslow process and memory impairment?
"I want to loose fat. am I better off trying like a fat burner and running, or pre workout and running.?"
",1 366lbs cardio or muscle training?"
My dad just had hart surgery I have questions?
"I know there's angioplasty, but can you get rid of it by changing your diet or exercising?"
drugs that act on enzymes to produce their therapeutic effects include all of the following except..?
Should I continue on dianette?
Leg cramps on dianette?
Has anyone else had this?
How can I get rid of my headaches?
Recovering after suside?
"New findings on daughters ekg, age 16, rbbb and anterior ischemia?"
"Ekg results, confused?"
Back and neck pain/questions?
Whats wrong with my leg?
How to increase weight?
Slightly tender issue?
What is wrong with me i'm so scared I have cancer?
H e l p - big vein on penis?
Do you know what this might be?
Sleeping in icu .now doctors say that he has pulmonary embolism .do you think he will be recover or not?
Could I have cancer ..?
Rheumatologist next for auto immune work up?
Very bad hemmoroids.. question?
Did sclerotherapy for for you?
"For that, what do you think I try to do?"
Only for old people right?
Cor pulmonale historical background?
"I have a question about an abnormal enlarged lungs, and spots on heart and lungs?"
Dementia help please?
Cheap ways to eat healthy?
Why it is important to follow a healty diet?
Why it is important to follow a healthy diet?
Which diet has the lowest prep time for the food?
How do I stay on my diet?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of studying medicine?
Broken toe never splinted by idiot doctor hurriance sandy made second opinion impossible now what?
Which work out supplements are best for bulking?
Which work out supplements do you suggest for bulking?
Anyone take nitric oxide for ed. what is your experience?
School field trip help !?
Scar removal due to poor circulation?
Is this bad circulation because its soooooo painful?
Please help!!! bad circulation in leg!!!?
I get really cold hands?
Why have I been on my period for so long?
Is it dangerous to cut your thighs/legs?
"Hiya, i'm wondering if I cut my thighs would it be dangerous?"
Is my heart best normal?
How deep do I need to slash my thigh to get the femoral artery?
"Hi, my local pharmacy is doing this test for customers but i'm just wondering what does it entail exactly/what do they do?"
Warfarin medication question?
How many tablets are warfarin 5.5 mg?
"Clinical reasoning, warfarin, atrial fib, inr?"
About taking warfarin in the military?
"Old and takes coumadin. two days ago hequot;really"" just be from the coumadin?"
Medication will you hold?
Did I take to much blood thinner?
If I took all the following medications would it cause me to die immediately?
"If the carotid artery is punctured at the neck, how long does a person have before..?"
How long do they have before passing out?
I am sick and I don't know what to do about it?
Weird vein pain in right arm !?
Everytime I touch someone they freak out.. why are my hands & feat always cold?
My feet are always cold?
Supplement question.?
How would these supplements benefit me?
Why are my hands and feet so cold?
How do you think I lost my eyesight?