"""Bilateral frontal lobe subcortical white matter showing evidence of small vessel ischemic changes."" Is this serious?"
"""Mild diffuse fatty liver changes cholecystolithiasis"" what does this mean?"
"""Worms in butt,"" what is it and what can you help?"
5 cm ovarian cyst will/can it resolve itself?
"9 blood alcohol level, is it fatal or can someone survive with this level?"
A common problem associated with alcohol abuse is malnutrition. Why is this?
"A friend of mine is allergic to benzocaine, does that mean she will be allergic to benzophenone or benzoate acid or anything that starts with benz?"
"A good cream for allergies on my face, rashes, little red blobs?"
"A relative of mine was diagnosed with non alcoholic fatty liver disease, is this reversible?"
"A running nose but no fever , and i don't have any allergies, so what could this be and what are some home remedies?"
A slight pain in the penis after unprotected oral sex with a prostitute. Should I be worried?
"Abnormal blood work. low wbc, rbc, and platelet. normal being 4.5 mine 2.0 ct scan enlarged spleen and liver. What are my next steps?"
"Abnormal vagnal discharge but no infection, any ideas?"
Acute liver failure signs?
Adderall vs. concerta. why would one be prescribed over the other?
Advice on how to remove an ingrown toenail?
"After a colonoscopy, what to expect?"
"After a night of really heavy drinking, how long can you have alch poisoning?"
After a spleenectomy can lidocane cause you to fail a 5 panel dot urine drug test?
After eating for a while my throat begins to itch. How do I stop this?
After falling on my knees did i do damage or just a big old bruise?
After my periods finished one day later now i have so much air in stomach and back ache and head ache.. and nausea what could this be ?
"After one night of heavy drinking, i cant drink any more. Totally thrown off by the taste now. Why is this?"
"After screw removal in foot, what happens next?"
"Agonizing pain in left calf if i stretch it, what can I do?"
"Alcohol addiction may have a cure, what could it be?"
Alcohol consumption and hep c: is there any correlation?
"Alcohol poisoning, still dizzy, headache, and exhaustion. What should I do?"
"Alcohol withdrawal, going through it at home, do you have advice?"
"Alesse - skipped period, now late period, what could be wrong?"
"Allergic reaction only to undercooked shrimp, wouldn't i just be allergic to shrimp all the time?"
"Allergic reaction to hair dye. Now have blisters, help?"
Allergic reaction to one dog but not another. how is this possible?
"Allergic reaction to soap in my vagina that is extremely painful, please help?"
Allergic reactions include runny nose and watery eyes. doctors canantihistamine drugs help prevent or decrease the effects of an allergic reaction?
Allergic rhinits how to get rid of it?
Allergic to dogs but there is a dog in my house. what should i do?
"Allergic to hair dye, how to make the symptoms go away?"
Allergy relief help please! how do i relieve my eyes when eye drops aren't helping?
Almost every single day my eyes hurt me so much! why?
Aloe vera gel on acne?
"Alopecia (male pattern baldness) ruining my life, advice greatly needed?"
Alprostadil comes in 10mcg. how many mcgs in 2 ccs?
Already know my toe is in the beginning stage of being an ingrown toenail. how do i stop it before it gets too bad?
Alternatives for cutting yourself?
"Always feel light headed and nauseated, what could be the reason?"
Am a level 3 allergic to lobster and a level 5 allergic to dust. nothing else! what could it be?
"Am having an allergic reaction to penicillin for around 4 days now. itching, fever, headaches.How to treat this quickly?"
Am i able to use external products that contain some type of alcohol while taking metronidazole?
Am i allergic to almonds if i drink almond milk?
Am i gonna die from smoking one time?
Am i the only one who even when taking extra strength tylenol thinks they are weak relative to aleve or advil?
Am not pregnant bc i'm a virgin but i may have post pill amenorrhea. is this normal ?
"Amitriptyline: (endep, elavil) etc): will it stop me from losing my mind?"
Among unsaturated lipds (poly or mono )which is best and permissible to eat ?
Amoxicillin is effective for treating kidney infection?
Amoxicillin is giving me kidney pain why?
"Amoxicillin not working fully for ear infection, what are some alternatives?"
"Amyloidoses, what causes this, i read where it is connected to untreated cancers, previous radiation treatment?"
Ana positive 1:40 nucleolar pattern. what does it mean?
"Anaesthesia effecting my life after surgery, who can I talk to about this?"
"Anal itching for a year now, don't know what is wrong. What should I do?"
"Anal lube, what works best?"
Anal sex - feeling lightheaded afterwards?
Anal wart removal pain !!!! help?
"Ance scars, pimples remedies? I have a lot of them on my face amd i want to if there's any way to get rid of then using natural items?"
And they prescribed me with tablets but imm allergic to them is there any natual ways to get rid of it?
Anemic- how long do i meed to take iron supplements to reach a hemoglobin level of 10?
Anorexia recovery: does it matter what foods you eat?
Antiobotics are amoxicillin trihydrate and my birth control is alesse. what are the chances i could be pregnant?
Anus pains me and itching!! help what can I do?
Any advice for a young lady's first colonoscopy and endoscopy?
Any advice on how to prevent back problems later?
Any chances to be induced at 38 weeks?
Any home remedies or tips to keep my sore throat from drying out and waking me up?
Any medicine to cure elevated lft enzymes like alt & ast?
Any suggestions on dealing with ambien withdrawals?
Any suggestions to relieve pain due to a wisdom tooth?
Any tips on how to deal with a uti?
Any tips on how to get rid of this terrible back pain?
Any tips or coping strategies for dealing with alcohol withdrawal and any ways to ease the symptoms?
Any way to make braces hurt less?
Any way to make sure you don't say embarrassing things on anesthesia?
Anybody know what could be the cause of one eye swelling?
Anyone know a way to make an ovarian cyst hurt less?
Anyone know of any home remedies for getting rid of a rash?
Appendix pain 3 months after keyhole surgery. please help me.?
"Apple cider vinegar for alopecia areata, it will cure my problem?"
Are anabolic steroids worth taking to see fast results?
Are autism spectrum disorders often linked with borderline personality disorder/identity disorders?
Are baked french fries bad for you?
Are brain concussions serious?
Are cold feet a step 1 of a 2 step reaction to alcoholism?
Are condoms a reliable long-term method of contraception?
Are control and power issues typical for alcoholics or adult children of alcoholics?
Are dark circles under your eyes bad?
Are dark sunken in circles around the eye a reaction to prednisone?
Are eating disorders (anorexia) genetic?
Are e-cigs a lot better for you?
Are enemas painful?
Are enemas with sodium phosphate safe to use?
Are hookah ice drops a healthy way of smoking?
Are hysterectomies safe to remove fibroids?
Are ingrown toenails hereditary?
Are metabollic food reactions allergic reactions?
Are my anxiety issues worth going to the doctor about?
Are my depressed feelings worth seeing to by a doctor?
Are my severe menstrual cramps caused by anemia?
Are non latex condoms good for hot tubs?
Are ovarian cysts dangerous?
Are ovarian cysts deadly?
Are ovarian cysts genetic?
"Are practitioners of alternative medicine considered ""doctors""?"
Are roofies good for forgetting stuff like spoilers?
Are samento and banderol for lyme disease better than antibiotics?
Are scrambled eggs healthy or unhealty?
Are sedatives always used for local anesthesia when performing rhinoplasty?
Are small nodes seen on lungs thru chest ct scan suggesting lung cancer alone?
Are sunflower seed healthy?
Are swollen stomachs common in alcoholics?
Are tattoo allergies/reactions permanent?
Are the claims of increased risk of incontinence due to anal sex true?
Are the herbs samento and banderol better for lyme disease than antibiotics?
Are there alternatives to wisdom teeth removal if they are impacting already?
Are there any allergy side effects to a gluten free diet?
Are there any birth control pills for irregular period?
Are there any carb blockers that have been approved by the fda?
Are there any effects of cannabis on pristiq and lamictal?
Are there any genetic disorders that can be helpful/useful?
Are there any good drinks or supplements to make me poop a lot?
Are there any home remedies for cramps?
Are there any long term effects from allergy shots?
Are there any methods for making my lazy eye from being extremely visible?
Are there any natural allergy medicans that take away ear pain fast?
Are there any natural allergy medicans that take away ear pain?
Are there any non cardio exercises to get thin?
Are there any pain relief tablets that i can take that have no codeine in at all?
Are there any possible side effects for gooseberry juice?
Are there any prescription allergy medicines that can help with my horse allergies?
Are there any redness reliever eye drops that are safe to use while wearing contacts?
Are there any tips or tricks to ease seasonal allergy pain?
Are there any treatment at the moment which can control the symptoms for someone who has remitting relapsing ms?
Are there any tricks to getting rid of a sore throat?
Are there any websites with coeliac food recipies?
Are there natural ways to prevent seasonal allergies?
Are they for ppl that want to quit smoking?
Are you able to get anesthesia whilst getting a snake bite piercing?
Are you suppose to take birth control pill during your period?
Are you supposed to always be tired and hungry when you are trying to lose weight?
Are you supposed to be asleep during a spinal tap?
"Area on side of toe where i had toenail removed a year and a half ago hurts, how can I relieve this pain?"
"Aside from als, do all the other neuromuscualr diseases like gb, ms, mg involve a progressive loss of cognition?"
"Aside from lack of movement, what can cause muscle atrophy?"
"At age 20, could 4 months of heavy drinking cause permanent liver/health problems?"
At what weight would i actually be considered anorexic?
Bad depending on the breed. are there any quick fixes to allergic reactions that i can try without a prescription?
Been coughing snots and green-yellowish things from my mouth. help?
"Been on amoxicillin for 7 days and still no relief, why?"
"Been on antibiotics for 8 days, when will cough go away from sinus infection?"
"Been sick for two months, could the cause be mold?"
Been sober for 2months now my face changes so much. Is this normal?
Been tired all day every day for years how long will regular exercise take to get rid of the fatigue?
Beer has some health benefits right?
Best apps for quitting an addiction?
Best diet pill for dramatic weight loss?
Best medication for post nasal drip?
Best medicines for spring time allergies?
Best over the counter medicine for sinus infection?
Best products for skin that sheds too much?
Best way to keep my nails even?
Best way to rid of scars quick..?
Bestfriend is contemplating suicide. she just took 5 excederin and 10 amoxicillin. is it possible that this could kill her?
Better to use aloe or let sunblister dry?
"Between amoxicillin, tetracycline, and ampicillin antibiotic capsules, which are the best ones?"
"Birth control pills and swollen tongue. Is it the birth control even though i have taken only one so far, or an allergic reaction?"
Bleeding from rectum after gay anal sex. How can i treat this?
"Bleeding on and off with little amount and clot, cramping, when it will gone?"
Blood coming out of my nose acne. help?
Blood in stool seen sometimes while applying pressure but not daily. is it piles?
"Blood on toilet paper after bowel movement, should I be worried?"
"Bloodshot, itchy eyes, sinus headache, stuffy nose. how to ease my allergies?"
Both my eyes are always bloodshot and itchy along with sinus headaches. Why does this happen?
Both of my parents are recovering alcoholics so does that really mean i could become one too?
Bottom lip is swollen for no reason. could this be an allergic reaction to something in my house?
Boyfriend is coming over tomorrow. how can i test and see if i am allergic or irritated to the spermicide before we use them for sex?
"Breaking out in hives while exercising after a meal, help?"
Breakthrough bleeding after 1 yr of bcp. Why is this happening?
"Bright red blood on toilet paper, but none in stool. What could be the problem?"
Bright red blood when defecating and pain. What should I do?
Bug / insect bites with allergic reaction. Can i take hydrocortisone and benadryl to cure?
Bug bites all over my daughter (not bed bugs) only happens inside and she is the only one affected!. What should we do?
"Bumps near my anal, what can cause this?"
"Calorie vs. calorie comparison question, is there a difference?"
Can 2 different antibiotics work for what they are prescribed for when taken at the same time?
Can 2600mg of trazodone-- 3.2 mg of clonidine-- 2700mg of bupropion and 5mg of alprazolam kill you?
Can 28 alprazolam .5 mg tablets kill you?
Can 5 hour energy cause a posititive drug test for amphetamines?
Can a 17 year old girl have alzheimer's?
Can a 1lb 2 month old puppy have amoxicillin?
Can a bad allergy sneezing attack be the cause of my tinnitus?
Can a black out do serious harm to your brain?
Can a blood test reveal heart problems?
Can a caucasian develop sickle cell anemia after a blood transfusion from an african american donor?
Can a dental hygienist perform anesthesia?
Can a doctor tell if you had anal sex?
Can a eating disorder cause throat problems?
"Can a family doctor prescribe birth control, or just a gynecologist?"
Can a female get trichomoniasis from receiving oral sex from the opposite sex?
"Can a girl get a ""ovarian cyst"" at 15?"
Can a girl get an std from having anal sex?
Can a headache occur because of some infection in the nose?
Can a male teenager get prostate cancer from doing anal masterbation a couple of times?
Can a nut allergy cause a sinus infection?
Can a nut allergy cause painful sinus issues that aren't right away?
Can a nut allergy cause painful sinus problems that aren't instantaneous?
Can a pair of fat circumural headset help my mom sleep ?
Can a person be allergic to the coating or capsules of medications?
Can a person with hydrocephalus and cerebral palsy dye their hair?
Can a pubic hair grow through a genital wart?
Can a sleeping pill alter an allergy test?
Can a teen be prescribed alprazolam?
Can a woman have pid and show no symptoms?
Can a woman know shes pregnant after two days and she was on her last day of her period but anal sex?
"Can a woman with hemorrhoids still be able to please her partner rectally? Would she still be capable of anal sex, is what i'm asking. not the grin and bear it kind, but be a willing participant?"
Can a yeast infection spread to your butt?
Can abusing perscription medication cause permanent brain damage?
Can alcohol cause tiredness and sickness?
Can alcohol consumption delay a period?
Can alcohol consumption effect when a woman getting her period or even delay it?
"Can alcohol in excess cause elevated thyroid hormones? If not, what can cause thyroid hormones to be slightly elevated?"
Can alcohol indirectly cause allergy to someone?
Can alcohol intake prevent the destruction of my pancreas?
Can alcohol numb someone's pain?
Can alcohol poisoning start as a headache?
Can alcoholism cause mental illness ?
Can alcoholism cause weight loss?
Can aleve cause an ulcer?
Can allergic reaction cause a person to lose control of their legs?
Can allergies be passed down to a child?
Can allergies cause brain fog?
Can allergies cause congested throat?
Can allergies cause depersonalization like symptoms?
Can allergies cause ear pain?
Can allergies cause sore throat and nausea?
Can allergies cause sudden hearing loss?
Can allergies cause the whole right side of my throat to be completely white?
Can allergies cause vertigo and drowsiness?
Can allergies cause your scalp to itch?
Can allergies cause your temperature to drop?
Can aloe vera cure hives?
Can aloe vera gel help in curing dandruff?
Can alprazolam stop working or make me feel worse?
Can ambien make you more awake?
Can amblyopia cause strabismus?
Can amblyopia lead to total blindness ?
Can amitriptyline and zopiclone cause stuttering?
Can amoxicillin (antibiotics) be taken together with motrin?
Can amoxicillin cure trichomonasis?
Can amoxicillin make your period lighter?
Can amphetamine be used for stress disorders?
Can amputation save you from rabies?
Can an addict learn to control themselves without any help?
Can an antihistamine prevent an allergic reaction to food?
Can an eye infection be treated from home?
Can an ovarian cyst cause mild swelling/water in a leg?
"Can an ovarian cyst of this size (10 cm), eventually resolve itself?"
Can an underactive thyroid (hypothyroidism) cause candida overgrowth in the body?
Can an underactive thyroid actually prevent you from losing weight?
Can an underactive thyroid prevent you from losing weight?
Can anaemia cause fungal infections?
Can anahistamines like benadryl help oral allergy syndrome?
Can anal sex be the cause of a miscarriage?
Can anal sex cause prolapse?
Can anal sex give me herpes on my scrotum?
Can anal sex stop your period?
Can anemia be cured by weight loss?
Can anemia worsen if you're taking iron?
Can antibiotics or pain pills stain my teeth?
Can any medicine with diphenydramine get you high?
Can anyone help me with some tips on losing weight?
Can anyone help me with whats mentally wrong with me?
Can anyone please suggest a good allergy medication?
Can anyone recommend a good air purifier with humidifier for a large room?
Can anyone suggest a good allergy medication?
Can applying alcohol on a face rash help tame it?
Can bed fabrics give allergies?
Can being so tired cause you to feel this way?
Can benadryl cause difficulty in breathing?
Can benadryl harm my dog?
Can birth control cause periods twice a month?
Can bleeding from your bum make your penis shrink/smaller?
Can blonde hair toners cause an allergic reaction?
Can bloody stools heal over time/without treatment?
Can braces even after 6months can still hurt?
Can brain damage from inhalants get worse after stopping?
Can brain inflammation lead to a brain tumour?
Can certain medications cause white stuff in stool?
Can champagne/wine help alleviate depression?
Can change from taking a nyquil pill to nyquil syrup?
Can children with progeria get alzheimer's as kids since their bodies are that of an older person?
Can cla and green tea pills help me lose weight?
Can cocoa butter remove the tiny little dots on my legs after i shave?
Can cold and dry air cause a burning itch?
Can constantly eating a food that you are allergic to make you less allergic?
Can constipation give you heart burn and make your stomach hurt when you eat?
Can daily doses of 25mg aldoctone causes feminicity in males?
Can deficiences make you feel worse some days more than others?
Can dental anaesthetic last for days?
Can depersonalization or brainfog be caused by allergies?
Can depersonalization/derealization be caused by allergies?
Can depression cause lack of appetite?
Can diabetics be put to sleep for surgery?
Can drinking cause mental problems when you are older?
Can drinking effect your fitness?
Can drinking help me numb the pain of being alone and single?
Can drinking rubbing alcohol hospitalize you? What does drinking it do?
Can drugs cause amnesia?
Can drugs cause some form of amnesia?
Can dust cause any permanent damage to your body?
Can dust mites bite and what can stop them?
Can eating a food i'm allergic to weaken my immune system?
Can eating very little food cause you to gain weight?
Can endometriosis be missed if a doctor is not looking for it?
Can eye contacts correct strabismus/lazy eye?
Can fasting ever be good for you?
Can folic acid deficiency cause periods to stop?
Can gluten intolerance and lactose intolerance be linked together?
Can goats milk reduces mercury exposure since most of our teeth filled with amalgam?
"Can hardly swallow it hurts so bad been taking 4 x 200mg ibuprofen to ease pain, how many can i take a day?"
Can having a case of campylabactor cause food intolerances?
Can having an eating disorder lead to getting a hemorrhoid?
Can having low blood pressure make you sleepy?
Can head lice be passed to pubic areas?
Can heat and humidity cause your throat to swell?
Can heat rash be from my allergies being bad right now?
Can herpes be misdiagnosed?
Can herrs cheese puffs give you lupus?
Can high blood pressure run in the family?
Can hpv be given through oral sex?
Can i be allergic cats if i never was before?
Can i be allergic to coconut?
Can i be allergic to my own breast milk?
Can i be put to sleep at the dentist when i get my tooth pulled and for root canals?
Can i buy alprazolam 0.25 over the counter?
Can i change antibiotics halfway through treatment?
Can i combine diabetes drugs with multivitamins?
Can i die from anesthesia?
Can i die from my ana lifestyle?
Can i donate my hair to cancer kids even though its dyed?
Can i donate my last kidney?
Can i drink alcohol after taking allergy medication?
Can i drink herbalife while im water fasting?
Can i drink milk 10 minutes after i took one 800mg ibuprofen pill? I'm not sure if drinking milk would cause some kind of allergic reaction or side affect. can someone help me out?
Can i drink now that i'm through with my antibiotics?
Can i drink red bull while taking alprazolam?
Can i drink water while fasting?
Can i eat almonds if i have a tree nut allergy?
Can i eat red meats and still be healthy?
Can i eat the aloe vera leaf without the recommendation of my doctor?
Can i get an eye infection for sleeping with contacts in?
Can i get an eye infection from toilet water?
Can i get anesthesia if i get frequent headaches?
Can i get high off equate allergy relief if it has diphenhydramine in it?
"Can i get lasik, or laser eye surgery to correct my sight in my amblyopic eye so my eyesight is the same as wearing glasses?"
Can i get oral surgery without general anasthesia?
Can i get pregnant from anal sex?
Can i get rid of cat allergies?
Can i go home from school if i have allergies ?
Can i go to a family doctor for a tooth problem?
Can i go to the gym after fainting a few hours ago?
Can i go to yellowstone national park if I have a sulfur allergy?
Can i have a eating disorder by only binging and not purging ?
Can i have an allergic reaction to hawaiian tropic sunscreen lip balm?
Can i have genital warts/std although i've never had sex?
Can i have my mole removed under general anesthetic?
Can i have sex even though i have frenulum breve?
Can i have sex while i have an allergic reaction in my vagina?
Can i have unprotected sex after 3 weeks on the pill if i havent had my period yet?
Can i just take my wisdom tooth out on my own?
Can i mix ibuprofen with alprazolam?
Can i only be allergic to eating pot but not to smoking it?
Can i play rugby with my broken finger?
Can i receive financial assistance from the government because i have an autoimmune disease?
Can i request an iv in my hand instead of in my arm?
Can i restart my birth control without my period?
Can i smoke a cigar if I have asthma?
Can i smoke weed 2 days after a tooth extraction?
"Can i smoke weed by vaporizing, after an eye surgery?"
Can i start another diet if i'm not finished on the other one yet?
Can i still go outside without my allergic reactions interfering?
Can i still swim if i have hay fever?
Can i stop my antibiotics for a few days?
Can i suffer from alzheimer's when i'm older?
Can i swallow saliva before wisdom teeth surgery?
Can i take 2 allegra within 24 hours?
Can i take a benzo before a ct scan?
Can i take a decongestant and whey protein?
Can i take a expired ducolax suppository?
Can i take a medicine/cream that contains sodium cetostearyl sulphate if i have an allergy to sufla?
Can i take advil after aleve?
Can i take aleve for menstrual pains while taking relacore extra ?
Can i take aleve for my period cramps?
"Can i take aleve, while on zoloft?"
Can i take all my gummy vitamins at once?
Can i take allegra allergy 24 hrs and allegra d in the same day?
Can i take allegra and nyquil together?
Can i take allergy medicine (allegra) while i'm sick?
Can i take amox-clav for uti?
Can i take amoxicillin with milk?
Can i take an antibiotic to prevent a uti after having anal than vaginal sex?
Can i take benadryl while i'm taking penicillin?
Can i take both benadryl and use the hydrocortisone cream?
Can i take clindamycin and amoxicillin at the same time?
Can i take clonazepam and alegra 24 hour together?
Can i take colchicine and allopurinol together?
Can I take cortisone shots for wrist tendon pain?
Can i take expired ducolax suppository?
Can i take paracetamol while drinking?
"Can i take supplements while taking amoxicillin? I usually take 3 fish oil tabs , vitamin c and vitamin b complex."
Can i take two medications at the same time?
Can i take unisom (100mg) with xanax and trazodone?
Can i take unisom while going through alcohol withdrawal?
Can i take xanax and zyrtec cetirizine dihydrochloride together?
Can i take zyrtec in the morning and benadryl at night for my allergies?
Can i take zzzquil with aleve?
Can i use a breathing problem from the nose as excuse for a nose job and it be paid for?
Can i use alcoholic beverages to dilute peppermint oil instead of pure ethanol?
Can i use allergy eyedrops as regular eyedrops?
Can i use allergy visine with contacts?
Can i use aloe vera gel to get rid of acne?
Can i use an inhaler with out being prescribed?
Can i use antiibiotics with penicillen?
Can i use expired aloe vera gel?
Can i use my dads inhaler? What could happen?
Can i use table salt (nacl) instead of epsom salt to cure ingrown toenail?
Can i vomit during an endoscope?
Can i walk on the beach with my period without attracting sharks?
Can insomnia be productive?
Can intelligent people be alcoholics and suffer from depression?
Can internal and external hemorrhoid surgery be done with just local ansthesia?
Can iron deficiency anemia kill you?
Can l-arginine cause blocked up sinuses or coughing?
"Can lasik, or laser eye surgery help correct amblyopia?"
Can leukemia affect your memory? And how does it cause death among the elderly?
Can lightheadedness be from a nut allergy?
Can liver numbers in a blood test signal something other than serious if they pop up suddenly?
Can living in a smokey house cause chronic post nasal drip?
Can low body fat stop my period?
Can lupus kill you and what is lupus?
Can mdma cause seizures?
Can medication allergies cause paranoia?
Can mild normocytic normochromic anemia be caused by blood thinners?
Can morphine and heroin duplicate the action of endorphins?
Can my 2 yo outgrow nut allergy with more exposure to germs?
Can my counselor tell my parents if i stop eating?
"Can my ovarian cysts be the cause of my ""period"" like bleeding during my pregnancy?"
Can my period be late because of medications?
Can my psychiatrist put me in psych ward against my will ?
Can my sister wear my contacts for a day or is this unsanitary?
Can my son's elevated alt serum be due to breathing toxic mold for 6 weeks?
Can my tooth brush make my teeth sensitive?
Can non-alcoholic sparkling cider soothe a sore throat?
Can nut allergy be cured by immunotherapy?
Can oral steroids be absorbed through the rectum by anal application?
Can ovarian cysts come back after rupturing?
Can overdosing on heroin cause amnesia?
Can oxicodene help with alcohol withdrawals?
Can oxycodone/birth control/lamitcal effect your period?
"Can patients recall verbal communciation they heard when unconscious, in cardiac arrest?"
Can people be allergic to wheat?
Can people develop bee allergies later in life?
Can people under general anesthesia sense time passing by?
Can people who are allergic to water drink it?
Can planters warts cause amputation of a toe?
Can prednisone be causing my daughter issues?
"Can prescription meds affect ability to get pregnant, gf and i want a baby?"
Can prilosec otc kill you ?
Can protein shakes cause skin problems?
Can really bad teeth be fixed?
Can schizophrenia be induced by alcohol abuse?
Can seasonal allergies cause a sore throat w/ white spots?
Can seasonal allergies cause a sore throat w/ white spots?
Can seasonal allergies cause lightheadedness?
Can sex delay a girls period?
Can sex trigger periods during perimenopause?
Can skin contact with enamel paint be serious?
Can soft contacts cut your eye?
Can solodyn cause itchy skin after sun exposure?
Can some types of soap cause vaginal irritation?
Can somebody explain what anaemia is?
Can someone be anorexic at a healthy weight?
Can someone become underweight if they only eat candy?
Can someone explain amnesia to me?
Can someone help figure out my allergic reaction?
Can someone help me understand anemia?
Can someone help me with my allergic reaction?
"Can someone please explain to me some things about cortisone shots like risks and benefits/side effects, etc?"
Can someone please explain what it's like to have an eating disorder mentally?
"Can someone please help me figure out what the tiny, itchy bumps on my fingers are?"
Can someone please suggest a vegetarian diet?
Can someone tell me what is menopause ?
Can someone with a metal allergy get tattoos?
Can someone with a seafood allergy eat hoisin sauce?
Can someone with a sulfa allergy be allergic to shampoo?
Can someone with anorexia nervosa ever permanently recover?
Can someone with aquagenic urticaria still drink water?
Can someone with diabetes or insulin resistant give me some advice?
Can somone allergic to soy have soybean oil?
Can stress delay or skip your period?
Can sudafed damage your heart valves like amphetamines can?
Can take xanax and norco around the same time?
Can taking antibiotics kill you?
Can taking too much iodine supplements cause an overactive thyroid?
Can teenagers suffer from heart failure if anaemia is not treated?
Can the chiropractor really help with allergies?
Can the doctor prescribe you anything to gain muscle?
Can the doctor tell i'v been drinking alcoholic beverages the night before or a few hours before?
Can the dye used in a heart cath affect your ast and alt readings?
Can the effects of alcohol be reversed overtime?
Can the fresh anal fissure be totally healed ?
Can the pill decrease your appetite by regulating your hormones?
Can the pill give you acne?
Can there be allergy to foods which can be suppressed by medicines like allergra?
Can u get head aches from lack of sleep?
Can u have an allergy to eggs?
Can ulcerative colitis cause a homogeneous pattern on an ana titer?
Can we cure alzheimer's with a placebo?
Can we eat both allergy tablets and pain killer tablets together?
Can weather changes make me feel like i'm getting a cold?
Can working at a seafood place cause skin problems?
Can you also develop new allergies when you move from a cold climate to a warm one?
Can you be admitted to hospital with an ovarian cyst?
Can you be allergic to a person?
Can you be allergic to a specific tree/flower/grass?
Can you be allergic to carbonated water?
Can you be allergic to ocean water?
Can you be allergic to popcorn?
Can you be allergic to stainless steel without being allergic to surgical stainless steel?
Can you be put under for lancing a pilionidal cyst?
Can you become allergic to penicillin while taking it?
"Can you become allergic to your deodorant? Pits are sore, itchy and a little swollen. is it possible to become allergic to it?"
Can you build tolerance to a peanut allergy by eating peanuts?
Can you carry genes for more than one disease?
Can you catch cancer from using a toothbrush from someone who has mouth cancer?
Can you cause a lymph node to turn into cancer?
Can you choose what anaesthesia you can have in carpal tunnel surgery?
Can you correct double vision?
Can you detox an allergic reaction out of your system?
Can you develop allergies as you grow older?
Can you develop allergies to cats?
Can you develop asthma from second hand smoke?
Can you die for not removing wisdom teeth?
Can you die from a knee replacement?
Can you die from an energy drink?
Can you die from having iron deficiency anemia?
Can you drink alcohol after deep cleaning of teeth?
Can you drink alcohol when taken amitriptyline?
Can you drink alcohol when you have cml leukemia?
Can you drink alcohol while taking singulair and alegra for allergies?
Can you drink if you think you may have kidney failure?
Can you drink pain medicine after drinking allergy pills?
Can you eat fried chicken that has been fried in the same thing that shrimp has been fried in if allergic?
Can you eat nuts when you have braces?
Can you exercise so much that you get underweight ?
Can you feel hot or cold on local anaesthetic?
Can you find out what your ears are allergic to?
Can you gain allergic reactions later in life?
Can you get a dry socket by breathing through your mouth?
Can you get a lip piercing if you have a metal allergy?
Can you get allergies from visiting a polluted city?
Can you get an std from masturbating?
Can you get contacts if i have a lazy eye?
Can you get diabetes from eating too many sweets?
Can you get hiv from an uninfected person?
Can you get hpv from using same bed sheets and sharing a drink?
Can you get ovarian cyst if you haven't ever had sex before?
Can you get pregnant on depo?
Can you get throat cancer from just oral sex even when neither partner has hpv?
Can you get your period without blood?
Can you getting itching from liver problems with no jaundice/normal bilirubin?
Can you give a family member your blood?
Can you have a filling done under general anaesthetic ?
Can you have a heart attack from an eating disorder if you're not under weight?
Can you have a literal allergic reaction to a person being around you?
Can you have a reaction to a removable retainer?
Can you have allergic asthma without having asthma?
"Can you have an allergic reaction to liquid latex, but be fine with condoms? Because condoms are made of latex as well, i was wondering whether this could happen. and if so why?"
Can you have an allergy to fragrences?
Can you have an eating disorder but have normal blood work and ecg results?
Can you have elevated alt for no reason?
Can you have uncontrollable coughing from drinking too much?
Can you heart stop pumping anesthesia?
Can you inject alcohol as tooth remover anaesthetic?
Can you join the air force with sickle cell disease?
Can you name some good Vaginal staph infection treatment?
Can you offer some insights about preventing pregnancy?
Can you offer some tips on taking out an ingrown toenail? I tried to take it out but it is at the bottom of my toenail and i cant reach it does anyone know what to do?
Can you overdose on alzheimer's medication?
Can you overdose on azithromycin ?
Can you please give me some examples of a full recovery from retrograde amnesia?
Can you prevent alzheimers?
Can you prevent getting genital warts by vaccination?
Can you provide me some background about allergy shots?
Can you provide some tips for someone trying to gain healthy weight fat+muscle mass?
Can you recommend some remedies to stop allergies?
Can you recover from long-term steroid use?
Can you remove genital warts with apple cider vinagar before they fully form?
Can you replace hydrocodone with ibuprofen?
Can you see histamine in a blood test?
Can you still feel pain under general anesthesia?
Can you still loose weight when your constipated?
"Can you stop being allergic to something, after not being exposed for years?"
Can you suddenly become lactose intolerant?
Can you take allegra with zantac?
Can you take ambien & sominex if the ambien don't work?
Can you take amoxicillin if you are allergic to penicillin?
Can you take antihistamines for banana allergies?
Can you take cetirizine hcl 10 mg and benedryl together?
"Can you take cough medicine prescribed by a doctor that contains codeine, and pamprin?"
Can you take more than 1 ambien at a time?
Can you take some strong pain medicine if you took allergy pills 4 hours ago?
Can you take tylenol and provera at the same time?
Can you take vicodin and flexeril with just a little alcohol?
Can you take vicodin during the day?
Can you take zithromax if you are allergic to penicillin?
"Can you tel me,what type of food oil is best for heart?"
Can you tell me if getting the spinal anesthesia is painful and how the procedure is?
Can you tell me some that healthy foods that have a lot of fiber in it?
Can you touch seeds if you have a seed allergy?
Can you trust a dentist with oral surgery experience to take wisdom teeth out?
Can you use alergy eyedrops and allergy medicine at the same time..?
Can you use jonson's baby oil gel as a lubricant?
Can you use vagisil while on the pill?
Can you wear makeup for wisdom teeth surgery ?
Can your platelets be elevated from anesthesia 2 weeks after surgery?
Can your throat close up a tiny bit because of seasonal allergies?
Can your vagina get raw from sex if it was too hard?
Cant get rid of spots on my throat. Are there any home remedies?
"Can't get rid of this horrible, unexplainable brain fogginess. What should I do?"
"Can't sleep,havn't slept in 2 days, please help?"
Can't stop coughing. doctor said i have strepcould it be something worse?
"Can't take the oral meds because i will vomit, the next alt is a freakin tylenol suppository, what to do?"
Causes of a fatty liver?
Cervical cancer treatment does it hurt?
Chances of complications due to general anaesthesia?
Chances of transmitting genital herpes from asymptomatic shedding and can you get it from blood or semen?
Cheap earrings irritate my ears - am i allergic to nickel?
Chemical smell still in my body from my surgery a week ago. How do I get rid of it?
"Chronic hive treatment, advice, help please!?"
Circumcised and worried about sex when im older. Will this have any effect on it?
Cirrhosis of the liver is an effect of what?
Clenching/clicking jaw during sleep after infected wisdom tooth removal is causing severe pain. help!?
"Common! i sat home a full month and i'm alive. please, tell me: is it necessary?"
Concerns about surgeon/extraction for 9 year old?
"Congenital optic atrophy optical nerve not developed , why does this happen?"
Congestion and sickness-how to get better. please help?
Constant headache 6 weeks after sinus infection. please help!!?
"Constant numbness in my foot..please help, very worried!?"
"Constant stomach aches for the past few days, weird poop. help?"
"Constantly tired, bags under my eyes, sleep for 10 hours every night. What's the deal?"
Constipation after diarrhea and no urge to go. What can I do?
Constipation question: should i squat to go to the bathroom?
Copper taste in mouth 4 days after tooth extraction. When will this go away?
Coughing and sore throat for 5+ days. What can I take for this?
Could amphetamines trigger an anxiety disorder?
Could an acne cream/ointmemt cause nightmares?
Could an alergic reaction trigger my daughter's skin to welt up every time she scratches her skin or gets scratched?
Could birth controll cause my facial rash?
"Could copd be wrongly diagnosed, due to a dog allergy?"
Could crest pro health mouthwash cause an allergic reaction?
Could depression be causing me to have memory loss?
Could i be allergic to my dog or just a seasonal allergy? How can I tell?
Could i be allergic to smoke from cigarettes?
Could i be allergic to the sun and is there any advice for getting through summer with this?
Could i be allergic to triple antibiotic cream?
Could I be confusing alcohol withdrawal with anxiety?
Could I go to a mental hospital for depression/anxiety and suicide attempts?
Could I have become suddenly allergic to peanuts and or caramel?
"Could i have t1 diabetes, lupus and m.s at age 17 :( ?"
Could i take ibupropen while i am on an oral steroid and antibiotics treatment for swollen glands?
Could it be possible that my anal hemmeroids have made my erection shorter?
Could it be possible that my mono symptoms only last a few days?
Could my girlfriend be allergic to my semen?
Could my worry problems have anything to do with meds?
Could somebody be allergic to alcohol?
Could someone be allergic to the sun?
Could taking 5 ambien and 20 lamictal together kill you?
Could taking claritin have stopped my period from my nexplanon insert?
Could that crack in my tooth be causing the nerve pain and would it stop hirting once filled?
Could the doctors be wrong about me not being anemic?
Could the medicine im taking make me miss my period?
Could the organic chlorella i've taken have made me ill?
Could the raid with boric acid be whats making me sick?
Could using body wash as anal lube cause cancer?
Could you actually shrink from lacking in calcium at twenty years old?
Could you baby die in your stomach if they are allergic?
Could you get an allergic reaction from undercooked shrimp?
Could you provide some tips to help one's cheek swelling go down?
Could you tell me more about growth spurts?
Cracking (burning sensation) at corner of eyelid and redness (bloodshot eye) won't go away?
Cut it with a knife & took the pus out. my mom told me aloe vera will help?
Cyanosis from eating lima beans which causes glycosides to release cyanide on contact with stomach acid. is that an allergic reaction?
Cyst left a purpleish mark on my nose. Should I be worried or will this go away?
Daily supplement says dont take with alcoholic beverages. can i drink later though?
"Dark neck/ discoloration, please help?"
"Daughter practically touches everything. for sure, she has an eye infection. what do i do?"
"Debilitating period pains, back pain and cramping after period is over, severe ovulation pains. help?"
Dentist said wisdom tooth infection was cleaned out and i don;t need to take the antibiotics. should i be concerned?
Deviated septum and reoccurring sinus infections. Is there a connection between the two?
"Diarrhea for 5 days now, what is going on and what should I do?"
"Diarrhea, poor circulation, and frequent urination. Can alcoholism really cause this?"
Did stress from anxiety in my childhood cause my depression?
Difference between chemical imbalance vs a personality disorder?
Difference between inflammatory response and immune response please?
Difference between ingrown hair lump and cancer lump?
Do alcoholics have such a strong craving for alcohol that they truly cannot help it?
Do all food allergies with anaphylaxis have a symptom of drooling or is it specific to one food allergy?
Do allergies always take like a week to recover?
Do allergies cause sinus infections and migraines?
Do allergies without noticeable symptoms exist?
Do allergy medications help skin reactions?
Do allergy shots work?
Do amphetamine salts cause your body to metabolize muscle tissue?
Do antibiotics make you urinate alot?
Do any bug bites get better before they get worse?
Do any vegetables contain a significant amount of vitamin d?
Do arabs have good bodybuilding genetics?
Do birth control pills cause nausea throughout the entire month?
Do calming remedies really work?
Do carbohydrates ever convert to fat?
Do circumcision injection hurts?
Do dark circles get worse with time?
Do doctors use anesthesia before injecting fillers on wrinkles?
Do drs know for sure if anemia is caused by iron deficiency?
Do electronic cigarettes damage your lungs?
Do flax-seeds actually help you lose weight?
Do general medical blood tests also check you for drugs like valium or amphetamines?
Do genital/anal warts ever go away?
Do headaches cause hair loss?
"Do heart palpitations indicate that the heart is ""working harder""?"
Do i have an eating disorder or has my family made me paranoid?
Do i have to count calories on a raw food diet?
Do i have to gain weight to get my period if I'm a really skinny?
Do i have to take birth control at the exact time each day?
Do i have to take the pill continuously even on my period?
Do liquids amoxicillin go bad?
Do livers heal after alcoholism?
Do livers heal after severe alcoholism?
Do minor cases of alopecia areata resolve/treat itself or will i need to see a specialist?
Do needles that numb your toe hurt to have?
Do oral sturgeons normally put people under general anaesthesia when they do extractions?
Do oral surgeons put you to sleep?
"Do people experience serious purple blotches, like bruises, while on amiodarone?"
Do people get general anesthesia when they have a hand surgery?
Do people with autoimmune diseases have a strong immune system or a weak one?
"Do people with cystic fibrosis die awake, or can they die under anesthesia?"
Do people with dissociative identity disorder just decide to be a different person at any given time?
Do people with multiple sclerlosios have a curved back..?
Do polyurethane condoms work as well as latex condoms?
Do regular blood tests pick up on alcohol drinking?
"Do side effects of citalopram cause itchiness, or are these red bumps something else?"
Do spray tans cause allergies?
Do spray tans cause an itchy reaction?
Do the adrenal glands serve any other purpose apart from releasing stress hormones in the fight or flight response?
Do the benefits of alcoholic beverage come from ethanol?
Do they put bone marrow donors to sleep when extracting the bone marrow?
Do they put you to sleep for a root cancal?
Do they put you to sleep when you get your wisdom teeth pulled?
"Do they weigh you at a podiatrist office? If you're going in for the first time in your life, and you need to get rid of an ingrown toenail, do they weigh you?"
Do those affected by alcoholism recover how the alcoholics do?
Do those affected by alcoholism recover similar to how an alcoholic recovers?
Do u have to be real skinny to have an eating disorder?
Do vitamins actually work or are they bogus?
Do watermelon seeds produce kidney stones if you eat one by mistake?
Do women have a much better sense of smell than men?
Do x rays see through fillings?
Do you actually have an orgasm every time you ejaculate?
Do you become anorexic by under eating and exercising a lot?
Do you feel any pain during twilight sedation?
Do you guys have a homemade body glitter recipe without aloe vera?
Do you have to be 18 to buy medicine for allergies?
Do you have to be referred to an allergist by a doctor or can you just go to one?
Do you have to get treatment for anaemia?
Do you know any companies that give help to teenagers who are recovering from drug addictions?
Do you know any spices which are anti-allergy?
Do you need saturated fat in your diet?
Do you think alcoholism is a weakness or an illness ?
Do you think eating 500 calories a day is a bad idea?
Do you think ecstasy is bad?
Do you think i have the right to feel sorry for myself?
Do you think romaine lettuce makes the healthiest salad?
Do your wisdom teeth have to be fully out for the dentist to extract them?
Doctor gave me a steroid shot for a recurring sinus infection. when will i feel better?
"Doctors, is there any alternative medicine out there proven to be effective in treating poor eyesight or at least lessen eye-grades??"
Does a complete blood count screen for all types of anemia or just iron deficiency?
Does a cracked tooth have to be pulled?
Does a liver retain all the toxins it filters?
Does a low carb high fat diet have negative affects on your body?
Does a person with an eating disorder with a bmi of 16.1 fit the criteria for anorexia?
Does a scratch test (allergy test) hurt?
Does a swollen throat allergic reaction go away eventually?
Does a vodka enema relieve constipation?
"Does a wisdom tooth infection, pericoronitis get worse over time?"
Does adderall make you horny?
Does alcohol affect gaba and those with anxiety?
Does alcohol cause long term depression?
"Does alcohol consumption, while having low testosterone, exacerbates the affects of alcohol to our body?"
Does alcohol increase your pulse rate?
Does alcohol-induced fatty liver occur after one bout of heavy drinking or after prolonged regular abuse?
Does alcoholism destroy families? How?
Does aleve really cause high blood pressure?
Does allegra work the same as benadryl?
Does allergy testing hurt?
Does aloe extra burn relief gel (the green gel) help heal heat rash?
Does aloe tea cleanse your system of marijuana?
"Does aloe vera cure kidney,liver and lungs problem?"
Does aloe vera gel cure dandrafff?
Does aloe vera gel help fade white scars?
Does aloe vera gel pills help with hyperpigmentation?
Does aloe vera help burn cellulite?
Does aloe vera reduce sunburn redness?
Does alopecia have cure?
Does alopecia show up in a theropod test?
Does alzheimer's skip a generation?
Does ambien permanantly give you dry mouth?
Does amoxacilin make your gums swell?
Does amoxicillin affect plan b one step?
Does amoxicillin cause uti's in newborns?
Does amoxicillin make you pee alot?
Does amphetamine make you optimistic?
Does an allergy test hurt!?
Does an ingrown nail surgery hurt?
Does ana test show if you have mono?
Does anabolic steroid make your penis taller or smaller or same size ?
Does anesthesia hurt the brain?
Does anesthesia make your period late?
Does anesthesia sometimes wear off before the surgery is complete?
Does anesthesia weaken muscles?
Does anybody have any similar symptoms?
Does anybody know any thing about the drug amantadine or symmetrel?
Does anyone know a good allergy relief?
Does anyone know what does mean if alt leves come down from 250 to 180?
Does anyone know where i can find an automatic medication dispenser for an alzheimer patient?
Does apple cider vinegar give instant headache or foggy head feeling relief?
Does atarax (hydroxyzine hcl) show up on a drug test?
Does atherectomy work better on badly diseased leg arteries better then heart arteries?
Does balanced diet provide enough micro/macro nutrients?
Does candida cell wall suppressor works?
Does celiac only affect the small intestine?
Does chalazion removal hurt?
Does constipation affect weight loss?
Does cool aloe i.c.e help rid me of sunburn?
Does drinking alcoholic drinks help sore throat?
Does drinking and smoking make a person go crazy?
Does drinking beer or any alcoholic drink affect sperm count or fertility?
Does drinking saltwater make you throw up instantly?
Does drinking turmeric milk really helps in cold?
Does eating healthy help make you more positive?
Does eurax heal sunburn if yes how long?
Does extenze for men actually do anything or is it a ripoff?
Does finger up the anus check for appendicitis?
Does gangrene always result in amputation? Or is their other options?
Does getting alergy test shots hurt?
Does getting circumcised hurt ?
Does getting your tooth filled hurt ?
Does getting your wisdom teeth out hurt at age of 14?
Does grapefruit affect birth control?
Does green tea make anemia worse?
Does having anemia all of a sudden mean cancer?
Does having blood in my stool mean i have a disease?
Does having sex as a minor lead to cancer?
Does hereditary anemia differ from regular anemia in any way?
Does hookah contain nicotine?
Does hypnosis work for altering behavior or emotions?
Does inserting yogurt into you really help your yeast infections?
Does isabgol or metamucil always relieve constipation?
Does it hurt getting a catheter put in?
Does it hurt getting your wisdom teeth pulled out?
Does it hurt having a tooth pulled out?
Does it hurt to get a vasectomy?
Does it hurt to get an ingrown toenail removed?
Does it hurt to get your wisdom teeth pulled?
Does it hurt to get your wisdom teeth removed?
Does it hurt to get your wisdom upper left wisdom tooth removed?
Does korean aloe vera juice cause sore throats?
Does looking at your ipad for quite a while make you sick?
Does lube help to prevent vaginal infections from anal?
Does masturbation cause alzheimer iam afriad please help?
Does masturbation causes weight loss or anaemia?
Does masturbation/sex really change your brain chemistry?
Does oral sedation (pills only) really work?
Does paracetamol have lower toxicity than other analgesic and how safe is it to take for headache?
Does quercetin complex help allergies?
Does red wine help with the flu?
Does refractive surgery benefit lazy eye syndrome (amblyopia)?
Does sesamoiditis ever go away?
Does sickle cell makes you have hair loss?
Does smoking e cigs help lose weight?
Does someone with anorexia nervosa every fully recover?
Does sparkling cider soothe a sore throat?
Does starving yourself really work?
Does sticking something up your butt help relieve constipation?
Does straining too hard cause haemorroids?
Does strep throat get worse before it gets better?
Does taking a tablet of ferrous sulfate at night make a person feel sleepy?
Does taking out wisdom teeth hurt?
Does the abc diet work?
Does the birth control patch contain latex?
Does the fact that it took my date 1 hour plus in bed to ejaculate show he was not turned on enough by me?
Does the inside of the vagina stretch after so much sex?
Does the time under anesthesia affect your actions after you wake up?
Does this sound like a food allergy?
Does tyrosine in protein shakes make your penis or balls smaller?
Does weed make you lose your complete memory when your high is gone?
Does wisdom tooth surgery hurt?
Does zyrtec work with food allergies?
Dog allergies - are there any solutions?
Doing all i can isn't working hoping to die whatever shall i do?
Doing eswl to break up my kidney stone under conscious sedation?
"Donating bone marrow, where would I have to go?"
Don't amphetamines increase alertness and central nervous system functions?
Don't count calories or anything like that though. do i have an eating disorder since i starve myself and throw up when i eat?
Dose any one know how to treat sun burns?
Dose being sad and depprest effect you from getting an erection?
Dose smoking meth make your discharge smell diffrent or stronger?
Drinking alcohol with amitriptyline. Will this create any problems?
Dull right testicle ache. what is going on here?
Ear hurts so bad help!! What can I do or take?
"Ear piercing infected or becoming infected, what would be the first step to treat this?"
Ears clogged for almost a week! I've tried everything but no results. What can I do?
"Eat a banana it starts itching, this didn't happen before, can allergies happen later in life?"
"Eating before wisdom tooth extraction surgery, why is this not allowed?"
"Eating nothing but spinach, broccoli, amd chicken? And 3x a week one hour cardio. how much weight can i lose in a month?"
Ecg normal with marked sinus rhythm what does this mean?
Effective way to lose weight over 6 weeks without exercise?
"Effective weight loss pills, please help!?"
Effects of saturated fat found in food items such as nuts/flaxseed/coconut etc?
"Elevated (direct) bilirubin in lftp report, please help, fearing hepatitis a, b & c!?"
Emergency please help!!! what to do if something got stuck in your anus and is moving up slowly?
"Enema saline laxative ""benzalkonium chloride"" ""disodium"".. weird side effects!!! help!!?"
"Even though you're in good condition, can dehydration make you really tired?"
"Ever since i was drunk, i've been having problems with alcohol. what's up with this?"
"Ever since i've started the birth control pill, sugar has disgusted me. is this normal?"
Every once in awhile i get a rash on my penis. What does this sound like?
Every time i wake up in the morning i start getting this nasal allergies and its getting very annoying does it mean i have something bad?
Every time my husband and i have sex i have sharp pain on the right side. What could it be?
Every time someone smokes around me it burns my nose & throat. is it normal or is it an allergic reaction?
Exactly how much sensitivity have i lost after circumcision and what i can get back with foreskin restoration?
"Extreme flare up for eczema, please read and help please please!!?"
Extremely itchy eyes with whitish-yellowish stringy gunk. What could this be?
"Extremely painful, red, swollen toe, what could it be?"
Extremely scared of cystoscopy! What do i need to expect for this?
Eyes are always bloodshot and yellow. What can I do to get rid of this?
"Fall out of a tree in any certain way, would it be possible that you might need an amputation, especially a hand amputation?"
Fastest way to relieve sunburn redness and pain?
Fastest ways to get rid of sun blisters?
"Father of 3 needing advice on relationship with companion, in which has been sexually abused in the past.\?"
Fear of being put to sleep for wisdom tooth extraction?
"Feel like throwing up but i can't, help?"
"Feeling depressed, can't help but feel sad. What can I do to feel better?"
"Feeling suicidal, can anyone out there help?"
"Feeling very unwell after b12 injection, help?"
"Felt faint, dizzy and sick before my period. something to worry about?"
Fibromyalgia nerve root pain what medication should i be on for pain?
"Finally cut carbs again and feel great can tell i am in ketosis, is this a bad thing?"
Five days of no sleep yet i am feeling fine. Is this abnormal?
Foods or alternative medicines that increase male libido?
"For a while i have noticed that when i go to the toilet that when i'm finished there is blood on the toilet paper, have i any reason to worry?"
"For my eating disorder recovery i have to put on 10 pounds, will it be noticeable?"
"For sunburn, does it have to be aloe vera?"
For the past week or so i have been suffering from anal itch. Is there any cream or similar things I can use for it?
Forgot to take fluoxetine (aka prozac) this morning. Can I still take it now?
From a long time ago that says 'fat' ive been putting aloe vera gel on it and its lightened some but not a lot . any help ?
From my bacterial infection in my throat/tonsils i was taking amoxicillin 500 mg would it be ok to start drinking beer again tomorrow?
Front of my mouth has little red and white dots/bumps on it. allergic reaction?
"Gained weight after going sober, please help me keep the weight off?"
"General or local anesthesia for wisdom teeth, which is better?"
"Get itchy and dry, and i wear contacts, can i use an allergy drop or visine allergy while wearing them?"
Get really ichy watery and red eyes but no other symptoms of an allergy. is it possible to be allergic to protein?
Getting 5 wisdom teeth removed and my canine moved slighty. what to expect?
"Getting an ingrown toenail removed tomorrow, what do i need to know?"
Getting frenelum cut at doctors. Will they give me anesthesia?
"Getting my period back after an eating disorder, what can I expect?"
Getting my wisdom teeth out and im scared!?
Getting my wisdom teeth pulled at 10am today but i had 4 rice cakes around 1am (whoops). Will this have any bad effects?
Getting tested for anemia. can i also get tested for std. who should i ask my private doctors or the nurse ?
Getting wisdom teeth pulled! need advice and stuff?
"Girl gave me oral , she had herpes on her mouth!? Could that have given me genital herpes?"
Glass of wine every single night before i go to bed. am i an alcoholic?
Going to be going to a place where pollen activity will be high. what are some ways to prevent allergies?
Going to see an allergy doctor thursday morning. what medicine should i ask for?
Good eating habits without going overboard (i.e. developing an eating disorder)?
"Good healthy diets, small portions each meal and work out schemes for someone recovering from an eating disorder?"
Good homeopathic doctor n clinic in bangalore?
Good workouts for a weekly routine to lose weight?
Got a bad sunburn on my face/nose. what's the best way to treat it?
Got a facial now have bag/swollen under eye. Could this be an infection?
Got a lump on my gum. HOw do I make it go down quickly?
Got a rash after using the Intuition razor (the one with the soap already on there) could this be an allergic reaction or razor bumps. what can i do to get rid of them ?
"Got drunk for the first time, and worried about alcoholism. How do I not become addicted?"
Got endoscopy next wednesday and so scared. please help! :(?
"Got red rash every time when do hair color, any remedy to cure this problem to do the hair color without any rash or burning?"
Got stung by a bee on the bottom of my foot what should i do?
"Gums would start getting infected so i started taking amoxicillin ,then my gums started swelling ,is this normal?"
Gurgling sound in intestine almost after every time i eat. What is this?
Guys!! when is the best time of day to have sex?
Had anal last night now there is a big red vein going down the inside of my thigh what is it?
"Had double bypass in 2005,not diabetic,no high blood pressure ,no kidney problems can i take amitriptyline 25?"
Had unprotected anal sex i need help ive have problems im really scared?
Hair dye patch allergy test - can i take a shower?
Hair removal cream on private area. my skin is burned please help?
"Hands going numb, cramping from alcohol withdrawal. What do you suggest for this pain?"
Hard to poop and bleeding when i wipe. What can I do?
"Hard zit/bump filled with blood in my pubic area, i'm very worried what should i do?"
Hardly had a bowel movement in four weeks. How do I induce it?
Have 2 big sunblisters on my cheeks. should i keep applying aloe vera to them or let them dry out?
Have acne scars and its really embarrassing. i have an aloe vera plant here. can i use it overnight?
Have developed a terrible cough and nasal congestion. can i take amox-tr-k clv with the other drug?
Having 11teeth pulled tomorrow and im terrified. How do i best prep for this?
"Having a deep cleaning done at the dentist, what is the pain level?"
Having a hard time with depression and other emotions. Who can I talk to?
"Having a knee/partial femur replacement to remove cancer in 20 days, what can I do to prepare?"
"Having four molar teeth out tomorrow, so nervous, advice please?"
Having oral surgery this wk & now concerned about the anesthesia that will be administered for the procedure. What would most likely be used?
Having sleep paralysis and night terrors when i wake up in the morning and having hallucinations while awake. What can help treat this?
Having stomach pains/constipation from not being able to use the bathroom at school. Help what can I do?
Having throat and sinus issues! help!!?
"Headaches, feeling tired and have a really bad memory whats wrong with me?"
Heartburn so bad it made me vomit. What could be wrong?
Helllpp!!!!! i have pcos and i have the candida allergy as well!!!!?
Hello my sister is having downs syndrome doctors are suggesting general anesthesia for her cataract surgery. Will this have any side effects?
"Hello, i'm getting all 4 of my wisdom teeth removed in a couple weeks, and i was wondering how painful will it be?"
"Hello, in a few weeks i'm going to start group therapy for my eating disorder and i was wondering if anybody could tell me what to expect?"
"Hello, is it normal to get like a hunger feeling before your period?"
"Hello, i've been wondering. is there any excercise for arms, legs etc during pregnancy?"
"Hello. this may sound silly, are thin condoms good for anal sex?"
Help !! how to help my girlfriend from cutting?
Help !please! i'm really sick?
"Help i'm always ill, ibs, weak immune system, lazy eye, poor memory. What can I do?"
Help on a medical case study for anatomy?
Help please! endoscopy in 3 hours and i'm scared to death! How do I calm down?
Help scared of getting my wisdom teeth out?
Help with a good weight goal for a very large (not fat) person?
Help with curing cough and sore throat?
Help! bad cramps! what to do?
Help! can a 14 year old get alzheimer?
Help! can i cut an behemoth amoxicillin pill multiple times?
Help! got home from school and had some blood on my sock! Is this serious?
Help! i eat vitamin c but i never actually feel better?
Help! i have allergic reactions to certain body lotions. any ideas to why?
Help! my allergies are irritating and i cannot fix them by myself!?
Help!! i need a cure for my allergies!?
Help!!! i can't stop blowing my nose! 6 months of non stop nose blowing!?
"Help, i am constantly feeling constipated. Is there anything I can take?"
"Help, i'm panicking! can allergies cause a dry throat and trouble swallowing?"
Help. how do i hide self harm scars during surgery?
Help. what do do about my suicidal dad?
Help.. i have a lot of food allergies and chrohn's disease. what can i eat?
Hemorrhoidal suppository and had an allergic reaction. dr's or rn help!?
Hey guys recently i have been diagnosed with non alcoholic fatty liver. what should i do?
Hey i need some tips on how to get fit?
Hey.my sister is a patient of als.she is taking rilutek tablet.is there any other treatment of this disease?
"Hi everyone, do you know an alcoholic that turned their life around?"
"Hi, i would like to know a couple of things does 20/20 vision mean you have to see the last line on an eye exam chart at the doctor?"
"Hi, if i don't intake water for 24 hours and drink 'fizzy drinks' or soda (coca-cola) would i become dehydrated ?"
"Hi, i'm anorexic. i'm not professionally diagnosed, but does that really matter?"
"Hi, so i am getting an allergy skin prick test, once they find out what i am allergic to what will they do?"
"High t3, t4 and normal, what can cause this?"
Highly allergic to cats but want to keep one. Is there any way around this?
Hives all over my body please help what do I do!?
"Hoarse voice, sore throat, and sore coughing. I'm sick what should I do?"
Horrible tooth ache! what do i do for pain relief?
"How ""bad"" is my sunburn?"
How am i supposed to do homework when my eyes are on fire!?
How are steroids meant to make you feel?
How bad does wisdom teeth removal hurt?
How bad is 3 pieces of ingested bread with possible mold?
How bad is 93 alt level in a bloodtest?
How bad is a colonoscopy?
How bad is getting your wisdom teeth out?
How bad is it being anorexic?
How bad is it if you leave an ingrown toenail alone and never try to get it out or anything?
How bad is it to get your wisdom teeth taken out? I'm getting all 4 removed and i'm just wondering how it is. is it really painful?
How bad is my bladder infection? Will i be fine ?
How bad is recovery after having one wisdom tooth pulled?
How bad is zolpidem tartate?
How bad will my ingrown toenail surgery be?
How bad will my wisdom tooth removal surgery hurt?
How badly does a bee sting hurt?
How can a doctor know if i had anal sex before?
How can a person avoid an amputation below the knee?
How can i avoid my massive cat/dog allergies?
How can i beat depression?
How can i become a different person?
How can i build muscle when i have an overactive thyroid?
"How can i come out of social anxiety,fears which leads to depression n inferiority complex?"
How can i convince my friend that you can't choose to be depressed?
How can i cure my extremely sensitive skin?
"How can i cut down my belly fat, without dieting?"
How can i decrease my acne?
How can i determine if my family history makes me prone to disease?
How can i drink alcohol without having allergies?
How can i eat right and still be satisfied?
How can i fast successfully for 2 days?
How can i find out if i have allergies?
How can i gain weight the healthy way?
How can i get a flat stomach without losing weight?
How can i get alergies away fast and quick?
How can i get better sleep?
How can i get checked for allergies? Where would i need to go?
How can i get flat abs?
How can i get my acne/spots to clear up?
How can i get my breast to stop hurting?
How can i get my son to take novacain?
How can i get myself to start eating again when trying to recover from anorexia?
How can i get over my anxiety about eating in front of other people?
How can I get over my fear of taking medication?
How can i get over my mum and dad splitting up?
How can i get real help for bipolar?
How can i get redness out of misquito bites?
How can i get rid of a food allergy?
How can i get rid of a sunburn fast?
How can i get rid of a sunburn?
How can i get rid of anal bleeding?
How can i get rid of cat allergies?
How can i get rid of cowardness?
How can i get rid of my allergies really fast?
How can i get rid of my allergy symptoms?
How can i get rid of my depression and also how to meet people who understand me and can make me happy?
How can i get rid of my hyperpigmentation?
How can i get rid of my nose being stopped up asap?
How can i get rid of my self harm cuts?
How can i get rid of pimples and scars on my face?
How can i get rid of razer bumps fast?
How can i get rid of red eyes?
How can i get rid of spot scars?
How can i get rid of sunburn sting?
How can i get rid of the red bumps from a tb skin test?
How can i get rid of these awful feelings of depression?
How can i get rid of this anxiety of hiv?
How can i get rid of this awful toothache?
How can i get rid of this burn?
How can i get rid of this burning sunburn?
How can i get rid of this redness from my nose?
How can i get rid of this redness on my nose?
How can i get rid of this sunburn pain so that i can sleep?
How can i get skin clear flawless skin fast?
How can i get tested for alzheimers?
How can i get used to using condoms?
How can i have a happy lifestyle?
How can i have an std if i've never had sex?
"How can i heal my dry, cracked skin?"
How can i heal my sunburn?
How can i heal this raw skin on my nose quickly?
How can i help a friend w/ eating disorder and bipolar?
How can i help my friend who has an eating disorder and who self harms?
How can i help my friend who has an eating disorder?
How can i hide my cuts?
How can i improve my memory- i have amnesia?
How can i keep wasps away from me?
How can i know if im pregnant or i have an ovarian cyst?
How can i loose weight in 2 weeks?
How can i lose 50 pounds in 3 months. i dont care if its unheathy i need help:/?
How can i lose alcoholic weight from my stomach?
How can i lose the pressure underneath my pimple?
How can i lose weight fast and easy?
How can i lose weight fast and get a bikini ready body?
How can i lose weight sensibly and get a flat stomach?
How can i lose weight while continuing to drink beer?
How can i lose weight without taking pills.?
How can i make a bad sunburn go away quickly?
How can i make a sunburn go away fast?
How can i make my bowels move faster to clear out what i've eaten?
How can i make my parents notice i am depressed?
How can i make my poop come out? I'm ready to put a q tip up there and hope for the best. what can i do?
How can i make my sunburn stop hurting?
How can i make sure i won't be awake during surgery?
How can i make this brush burn go away quick?
How can i overcome my anorexia?
How can i overcome my depersonalization from eating a pot brownie?
How can i prepare for amputation surgery?
How can i prepare for the bone marrow donation procedure?
How can i prevent a yeast infection?
How can i prevent getting genital warts from my partner?
How can i prove that i do not have autism or asparagus syndrome?
How can i pull myself out of my depression?
How can i quickly lower my potassium level?
How can i reduce my swelling in my gums on top left of my mouth?
How can i reduce sunburn pain?
How can i reduce swelling in my hands?
How can i relieve anal itch and burning?
How can i relieve dental pain?
How can i relieve painful menstrual cramps?
How can i remove all my old scar naturally and cheap?
How can i resist the urge to eat more?
How can i safely experiment with anal stimulation during masturbation?
How can i slowly speed up my metabolism after bein anorexic without gaining a million pounds?
How can i soothe my back pain?
How can i soothe my stomach after anesthesia?
"How can i stay energized all day naturally, and what the best method to study?"
How can i stop being allergic to all fresh fruit?
How can i stop being so anxious & stuff?
How can i stop depression and anxiety interfering with studying for my exams?
How can i stop feeling so depressed?
How can i stop getting haemorrhoids (piles)?
How can i stop grinding my teeth before my dentist appointment?
How can i stop my alcoholism ?
How can i stop my incision sites from itching?
How can i stop my mum from calling me fat or overweight all the time?
How can i stop my razor cuts stinging?
How can i stop my skin from peeling?
How can i stop my son from coughing?
How can i stop myself from looking at pro ana websites?
How can i stop the itching and pin pricking sensation on my skin after tanning?
How can i stop thinking about food and my weight?
How can i suddenly have hypoglycemia?
How can i talk my best friend out of suicide?
How can i tell if i have an irregular period?
How can i tell if my liver is damaged or is it for sure because of what i did?
How can i tell if someone is lying about having leukemia?
How can I tell if what I have are bed bug bites?
How can i tell my mom i might have depression?
How can i tell my mum that i think i have an eating disorder?
How can i tell the difference between a cold and allergies?
How can I treat a toothache after a temporary filling?
How can i treat an anal skin tag?
"How can i treat dry, flaky skin on my upper lip?"
How can i treat my skin problems?
How can men unite against the cruel behavior of women in menopause?
How can mercury amalgam fillings be toxic?
How can more exercise benefit society as whole?
How can my sunburn go away fast?
How can tell if my birth control pill is causing my allergy facial rash?
How can u tell if your allergic to gluten?
How can you convince an alcoholic to stop drinking when he's getting stents in his heart?
How can you get over a pennicilin allergic reaction very fast?
How can you get rid of a canker sore inside your mouth?
How can you get rid of nettle stings with no aloe vera or alkali substance?
How can you lighten your period?
How can you make an orgasm better for yourself?
How can you provoke the brain into retrieving lost memories?
How can you tell if someone has a allergy to cats?
How can you tell if you have an eating disorder?
How can you tell if your throat is swollen?
How can you tell if you're allergic to cocaine?
How can you tell the difference between a cold and allergies?
How close are we to finding a cure for als?
How close are we to finding cure to alzheimers or parkinsons?
How come i always smell when im on my period?
How come i can sleep 14-18 hours a day? Is this serious?
How come i feel tired only after two hours of work? Is this some sort of condition?
How come there is sandlike substance in my poop?
"How come your lip itches, and when you go to itch it it swells up?"
How common is a allergic reaction to lidocaine?
How common is anxiety disorder?
How common is it for someone to react badly to anaesthetics?
How common is it that anxiety sufferers are unable to swallow pills?
How common is it to have very deep cavities without any pain?
How common/rare are sheep/goat milk allergies without cows milk allergies?
How commonly used is silver amalgam in dental fillings today?
How concerned should i be after having unprotected sex with an hiv+ man?
How dangerous is it to have anal sex then switch to vaginal sex without cleaning off 1st?
How did i treat poison oak allergy?
How difficult (or easy) is it to undergo endoscopy?
How do colon cleansers work?
How do dermatologists treat dandruff?
How do doctors remove a sebaceous cyst?
How do doctors treat acute alcohol poisoning?
How do doctors treat alcohol poisoning?
How do eating disorders in children affect development?
How do get over an eating disorder on my own?
How do i avoid getting a sunburn?
How do i avoid getting light headed?
How do i best distract myself when anxious about future events going wrong?
How do i combat tiredness cause i'm anaemic?
How do i come out of the wardrobe?
How do i comfort a girl with her eating disorder?
How do i deal with the anxiety and depression after surgery?
How do i deal with this sunburn?
How do i distract myself from cutting?
How do i eat food after wisdom teeth removal?
How do i eat more without feeling sick?
How do i educate people about mental illness?
How do i explain to my doctor that i am having a hard time talking to him because of my anxiety disorder?
How do i fix my elbow?
How do i fix my sinus issues?
How do i gain muscle while losing fat?
How do i get into rehab?
How do i get my eating habits to be normal?
How do i get over hay fever?
How do i get over my fear of bees and wasps?
How do i get rid of a huge red and painful pimple on my nose?
How do i get rid of a pimple scab?
How do i get rid of a swollen eye?
How do i get rid of an allergic reaction?
How do i get rid of an ingrown infected toenail without going to the doctor?
How do i get rid of an ingrown toenail?
How do i get rid of burn marks on my face?
How do i get rid of burn on my face?
How do i get rid of fatigue if i'm told i can't have caffeine?
How do i get rid of hay fever? Does this require a visit to the urgent care?
How do i get rid of my acne black heads bumps and zits on my nose?
How do i get rid of my allergies fast?
How do i get rid of my allergies?
How do i get rid of my eating disorder?
How do i get rid of my salt/ice burn?
How do i get rid of my skin peeling from sunburn?
How do i get rid of my spring allergies?
How do i get rid of my sunburn on my face really fast?
How do i get rid of razor bumps on upper leg?
How do i get rid of red skin?
How do i get rid of spots on legs?
How do i get rid of sunburn redness quickly?
How do i get rid of sunburn?
How do i get rid of the dry skin on my face?
How do i get rid of the pain in my sunburn in a day?
How do i get rid of the redness?
How do i get rid of this pimple inside my eyelid?
How do i get rid of this potbelly!?
How do i get rid of this redness from a burn?
How do i get rid of this small burn on my nose?
How do i get rid this redness on my nose?
How do i get skinny legs again?
How do i get swelling on my forehead to go away?
How do i get the irritating red marks by my penis away?
How do i get warts off my lips?
"How do i have sex, with a neck brace on?"
How do i heal a scab fast?
How do i heal this raw skin on my nose?
How do I help a friend who has had 2 liver transplants and is a chronic alcoholic?
How do i help the red burnt parts fast! would aloe vera help?
How do i increase my testosterone?
How do i know if i am allergic to henna?
How do i know if i am too contagious or not to go to work?
How do i know if i broke or bruised my tailbone?
How do i know if i have pink eye/conjunctivitis?
How do i know if i should go to the doctor for gum and tooth pain?
How do i know if i'm allergic to grass?
How do i know if im pregnant or if i have an ovarian cyst?
How do i know when i have asthma?
How do i know whether i have allergies or a cold?
How do i loose 20 pounds by the end of the month?
How do i lose 100 lbs by next may?
How do i lose my excess skin?
How do i maintain my weight when i reach goal weight?
How do i make a fresh cut not scar?
How do i make a sunburn go away faster?
How do i make gums stop hurting?
How do i make my biopsy scar less obvious?
How do i make myself seriously poop more?
How do i make out with my fiance when my allergies are acting up?
How do i over come a eating disorder for good?
How do i overcome bad feelings?
How do i overcome my depression?
"How do i prevent ""pink sock"" when i really enjoy anal loving?"
How do i prevent dust from coming in my room and killing me?
How do i prevent my face from becoming oily?
How do i prevent myself from getting anal itch?
How do i protect my nose from dusts when cleaning?
How do i recover from an eating disorder?
How do i relieve an earache?
How do i relieve sunburn fast?
How do i remove redness from my eyes without eyedrops?
How do i sleep at night with breathing problems?
How do i soothe a burn?
How do i speed up recovery from a sunburn?
How do i sprain either of my ankles?
How do i stick to a wheat free diet?
How do i stop a runny nose?
How do i stop being allergic to earrings!?
How do i stop my face from itching?
How do i stop my worries affecting my sleep?
How do i stop severe itching (after getting sunburn)?
How do i stop sweating so much?
How do i switch from yasmin to alesse?
How do i take a dump when i have a boil besides my anal?
How do i talk to my friend about my skin picking and getting help?
How do i tell my doctor i think i have a mental disorder?
How do i tell my husband i have an eating disorder?
How do i tell my mom i have anorexia?
How do i tell my parents i have symptoms of an eating disorder?
How do i tell my parents that i think im developing an anxiety disorder?
How do i tone my chest with dumbbells?
How do i treat a sunburn if i want a tan?
"How do i treat a uti with 7 leftover smz's and 4, 500mg amoxicillins?"
How do i treat my sunburn?
How do i treat sunburn? The blisters and pain and prevent peeling?
How do insulin spikes (caused by a high sugar diet) cause heart disease?
How do l get rid of sunburn peels?
How do most people act after they get there wisdom teeth pulled?
How do organ transplants work?
How do people act in the final stages of alzheimer's disease?
How do people become allergic to insects and flies?
How do they test allergies?
How do you change your own metabolism to be faster?
How do you cope with ibs when your young?
How do you cure a uti?
How do you cure an anal abcess with home remedies?
How do you cure anaemia?
How do you cure dry mouth?
How do you find your underlying cause of pots?
How do you get help after relapsing?
How do you get over shyness?
How do you get rid of a birthmark?
How do you get rid of a cold sore fast?
How do you get rid of a sun rash?
How do you get rid of a sunburn over night/extremely fast?
"How do you get rid of a sunburn, or at least help them heal faster?"
How do you get rid of bad razor bumps?
How do you get rid of belly fat without getting rid of other body fat?
How do you get rid of depression?
How do you get rid of peeling skin from a sun burn!?
How do you get rid of post nasal drip?
How do you get rid of self inflicted scars ?
How do you get rid of stretch marks fast & easy?
How do you get rid of stretch marks?
How do you get tan if you are pale and allergic to tanning lotion and wants to avoid skin cancer?
How do you help axiety on getting put to sleep for a wisdom teeth removal ?
How do you know for definite if your friend is after becoming a functioning alcoholic?
"How do you know if an organ is failing,such as a kidney or liver, other than having it verified by a gp or other medical practitioner?"
How do you know if an organ is failing?
How do you know if you are allergic to something?
How do you know if you are allergic to something?
How do you know if you don't need synthroid anymore and the thyroid starts working again for hypothyrodism?
How do you know if you got bit by a spider?
"How do you know if you have a cold or allergies and whats a good,simple,and quick working remedy?"
How do you know if you have an allergy to dairy?
How do you know if you have an eating disorder?
How do you know if you have an over eating disorder?
How do you know if your child have an allergic reaction to puppies?
How do you know if you're at risk of getting an eating disorder?
How do you know if you're coming down with a sinus infection?
How do you know you have an eating disorder?
How do you loose weight when you have food/eating issues?
How do you prevent a careless alcoholic with hiv from putting his child at risk?
How do you prevent from bruising easily ?
How do you raise your sperm count?
How do you reduce redness from a sunburn?
How do you speed up your metabolism with an eating disorder?
How do you stop lips from swelling due to allergic reaction?
How do you take the first step towards recovery from an eating disorder?
How do you tell if you got flea bites or tick bites?
How do you tell if your girlfriend is allergic to your semen?
How do you tell if your headache is a sinus or a regular headache?
How do you treat an anal fissure without going to the doctor?
How do you treat severe allergy symptoms with home remedies?
How do you unclog your ears?
How does alcohol affect diabetes?
How does alcohol-induced liver cirrhosis form?
How does amphetamines help stroke recovery?
How does an ovarian cyst feel when it burst?
How does anemia affect a child?
How does electro-convulsive therapy for bulimia work?
How does esophageal cancer feel compared to esophageal ulcers?
How does it feel to put under anesthesia?
How does liquid breathing work?
How does one get rid of anxiety?
How does pink eye start?
How does polycoria affect the eyes?
How does psychological counseling help alcoholics?
How does smoking effect your blood and/or veins?
How does xanax make you feel?
How drinking a little beer is considered good for health..?
How easily do rectal prolapses come back after surgery?
How effective is the 2 4 6 8 diet?
How exactly do eating disorders work?
How far apart should i take my antibiotics?
How fast does an allergic reaction happen?
How fast does someone loose weight after their body goes into starvation mode. will it increase or decrease with exercise?
How fast does someone with an eating disorder loose weight?
How good does nasal spray work for postnasal drip?
How healthy are babies with strep b after taking the antibiotic?
How high does a spinal anesthesia numb you?
"How high of a risk does my mom, sister, and myself have for breast cancer?"
How in the world can i get my eye to stop watering from these allergies?
How is alcoholism a disease?
How is an ingrown toenail treated?
How is bulimia an eating disorder?
How is female circumcision done?
How is it possible to get an std if both lost there virginity to each other and the girl got std from the guy?
How is it that i'm losing weight on gluten-free even though i'm actually consuming more calories?
How is my immune system so weak during allergy season?
How is the beggining of an eating disorder like?
How is the nexplanon implantation placed into your body?
How late can allergic reactions occur after you eat something you're allergic to?
How likely is it for a heathly 16 year old girl to become allergic to gluten?
How likey is it to become allergic to food/medicine?
How long (on average) does it take someone to become alcohol dependent?
How long after amoxicillin capsules expire can i still take them?
How long after eating trigger foods do ibs symptoms usually start?
How long after you eat can food still be thrown up?
How long can a person survive having sickle cell?
How long can alcohol poisoning last?
How long can i wait before having my tooth pulled out?
How long can it take for acute myelogenous leukemia (aml) to kill?
How long can someone go without any food before they pass out?
How long can someone survive on a 150 kcal diet?
"How long can the hiv virus live outside a human body? If the body fluid it is in is dry, would the virus die?"
How long can you carry strep throat without symptoms?
How long do 2nd degree burns take to heal?
How long do allergy pills last?
How long do antibiotic for ears take to show any affect:-(?
How long do herpes bumps stay for?
How long do k-9 teeth take to come in?
How long do people with als live after being diagnosed with it?
How long do people with als live?
How long do sunburns last?
How long do they generally leave the catheter in as analgesia?
How long do tooth extractions take to stop hurt?
How long do you have symptoms for birth control (the pill) when first starting to take them?
How long do you have to use crutches after ingrown toenail surgery?
How long does a bad sunburn last?
How long does a bee sting usually swell for..?
How long does a blood transfusion last for?
How long does a burn scar last?
How long does a deep cleaning take at the dentist?
How long does a hangover last?
How long does a hemorrhoid bump take to heal?
"How long does a person have to live after diagnosed with ""nash""?"
How long does amnesia last for?
How long does amphetamine's stay in the urine?
How long does an alcoholic have in stage 3 of alcohilism before he dies?
How long does an alcoholic with kidney problems have to live?
How long does an allergist appointment last?
How long does backed up stool take to clear naturally?
How long does bloating from an ovarian cyst take to go away?
How long does eustachian tube dysfunction last for?
How long does heart surgery take?
How long does it take a gunshot wound to the shoulder to heal?
How long does it take an anorexic to lose weight?
How long does it take anesthetic to wear off?
How long does it take for a anesthesia iv to take effect?
How long does it take for a mild sunburn to stop hurting?
How long does it take for a sunburn to turn into a tan?
How long does it take for allergies to appear?
How long does it take for an anal fissure to heal?
How long does it take for an infected tooth to reach your bloodstream?
How long does it take for bloating from constipation to go away?
How long does it take for face edema to go away after a minor surgery on the scalp?
How long does it take for genital warts(hpv) to eventually go?
How long does it take for internal hemorrhoids to go away?
How long does it take for iron deficiency anemia to go away?
How long does it take for side effects from amoxicillin to show up?
How long does it take for stretch marks to fade with aloe vera?
How long does it take for xanax withdrawal symptoms to subside?
How long does it take for you to catch the flu or a cold from someone?
How long does it take milk of magnesia to work?
How long does it take penicillin to take effect?
How long does it take razor bumbs to clear up?
How long does it take sunburn to go away?
How long does it take the blood pressure medication amlodipine (norvasc) to work?
How long does it take to choke from an allergic reaction?
How long does it take to detox from alcohol?
How long does it take to get a chemo port installed?
How long does it take to get better from mono/tonsillitis?
How long does it take to get over a cold?
How long does it take to have a bad reaction to shellfish?
How long does it take to recover after ingrown toenail surgery..?
How long does it take to see some results from anabolic steroids?
How long does it take to show signs of an allergic reaction from medication?
How long does laughing gas last?
How long does oral surgery take?
How long does poison ivy last if you start taking steroids?
How long does redness from a sunburn usually last?
"How long does someone live after a massve stroke, if it's even possible?"
How long does starvation mode last?
How long does strep last/how long till i feel better?
How long does sunburn swelling last?
How long for amoxicillin to work?
How long is the surgery to remove 4 rootless wisdom teeth?
How long of intervals should i wait to put lotion on my sunburn so it doesn't peal?
How long should i take these antibiotics for strep throat?
How long till iron pills start to work?
How long to get 8mg of xanax out of my system?
How long to recover from wisdom tooth removal?
How long to wait after a c section to have anal?
How long to wait between taking penicillin?
How long until hormones return to normal after a winstrol cycle?
How long will dermatitis on my legs last?
How long will emla cream 5g (5%) numb the surface of the skin for?
How long will it take amoxicillin to start reducing my swollen gum?
How long will it take for amphetamine to leave my system?
How long will it take for an allergic reaction to clear up?
How long will it take for infection on my tooth to go down?
How long will it take for my sore throat to heal?
How long will it take me to get toned abs?
How long will it take me to lose weight?
How long will it take my new pill to be effective?
How long will my groin strain take to heal?
How long will my scab take to heal?
How long will my sunburn last and how do i how do i help it heal?
How long will recovering take for removal of an ovarian cyst?
How long will someone live with stage 4 cirrhosis without having a transplant?
How long will thc be detected in my urine?
How long will thc be in my system?
How long will thc stay in my system?
How long will the healing take from taking out four wisdom teeth?
How long would i sleep for if i took 90 mg of sleeping pills?
How long would it take for an ingrown toenail to heal after surgery?
How many alprazolam 2mg can i take?
How many antihistamines can you take per day ?
How many days late can your period be before you know that it wont come this month?
How many hours after eating can i take my ambien for a good nights sleep?
How many hours is it that i cant eat before getting my wisdom teeth out answer quick?
How many situps a day should i do to get a six pack and how many miles should i jog?
How many strips of hair does alopecia patients loose daily?
How many times a week should i brush my teeth with bicarb of soda?
How many times can you get a steroid shot?
How many types of heart murmurs are there?
How many zopiclone (sleeping pills) does it take before it's lethal?
How mcuh should a 6'2 tall guy weigh?
How much alcohol affects the brain in negative ways and can permanently damage your health/put you at risk for alcoholism??
How much alcohol is too much?
How much allergy medicine is too much?
How much and how often to drink aloe vera?
How much blood is taken in a blood test?
How much does a bone marrow donation hurt?
How much does an under-active thyroid affect weight?
"How much does getting wisdom teeth surgically removed hurt? Like compared to getting braces on/off, how much does it hurt?"
How much does it hurt to give bone marrow. no beating around the bush. what could i expect?
How much does the shot in your toe hurt during an ingrown toenail removal?
How much fat should i be consuming on low-carb diet?
How much fibre is bad for a colon detox?
How much is gynecomastia surgery?
How much is needed for kno3 poisoning?
How much longer will my poison ivy last on steroids?
How much motrin pm and ativan will it take to kill me?
How much progress have we made in finding a cure for als?
How much saturated fat can i eat without getting fat?
How much sugar would a person have to consume before becoming diabetic?
How much to drink if i had alcohol withdrawal a month ago?
How much weight can i lose running 45 minutes on an elliptical for 4x a week?
How much weight can i lose running on an eliptical?
How much weight can you gain by bloating and constipation?
How much weight can you lose water fasting?
How much weight should a person recovering from an eating disorder gain?
How much will getting my cavities filled hurt?
How often should i apply aloe vera to my very bad sunburn?
How often should i reapply aloe gel?
How often should i use aloe vera gel on my sunburn?
How often should someone with anemia eat?
How painful are ovarian cysts?
How painful are wisdom teeth removals?
How painful is it after the anesthesia wears off when removing wisdom teeth?
How quickly after chemo do you lose your hair?
How quickly can liver repair after mild damage?
How quickly do allergic reactions happen to zoloft?
How quickly do anorexics lose weight?
How serious is tmj and how do you cure it ?
How severe does an eating disorder have to be before the person's growth is stunted?
How severe is the cashew allergy - 8.23 ku/l level 4 ?
How should i handle having nothing to live for?
How should i handle this gastritis?
How similar are cnas to emts?
How successful is immunotherapy for getting rid of allergies ?
How to admit to my teacher i self harm & have an ed?
How to beat the fatigue of depression?
How to best support a partner with an eating disorder?
How to boost my memory which i realized i have started losing?
How to build back muscle tone?
How to build upper body strength fast in 2 months?
How to calm a cough without medication?
How to care for stitches from birthmark surgery removal?
How to change my drinking habits?
How to clean a clear retainer?
How to clean face after perfoming oral sex on a woman?
How to clean up a gravelly sounding voice?
How to clean up when switching from anal to vaginal sex without losing the mood?
How to clear a stuffy nose with no mucus?
How to clear up a face rash?
How to clear up nasal congestion?
How to control painful irritation after shaving armpit and pub hair?
How to control uric acid problem?
How to correct sinus problems?
How to curb alcohol addiction?
How to cure a lazy eye (amblyopia)?
How to cure a sore throat from allergic rhinitis fast?
How to cure allergies on face?
"How to cure headaches caused by smell, light and noise?"
How to cure insomnia and not wake up and feel like a total load of crap?
How to cure itchy eyes fast?
How to cure/deal with a painful hemmorhoid?
How to deal with a friend with eating disorder?
How to deal with alopecia/hair loss?
How to deal with an allergic rash?
How to deal with anxiety disorder?
How to deal with anxiety when facing terminal illness?
How to deal with bad allergies?
How to deal with diabetes 2?
How to deal with feeling low and thinking about just killing myself ?
How to deal with testing stress?
How to deal with your seasonal allergies?
How to develop rippling muscles in 2 months ?
How to diagnose an anal yeast infection?
How to drink with an anxiety disorder?
How to easily massage prostate?
How to eat healthier?
"How to eat healthy, what foods should i avoid all together?"
How to eat normally after undereating?
How to eat out with multiple food allergies?
How to escape depression?
How to exercise when you're anemic?
How to fade an old scar?
How to fade cuts by the morning?
How to fall asleep with a headache?
How to feel less depressed?
How to figure if i have anemia at home without seeing a doctor?
How to find anabolic steroids?
How to fix a eating disorder?
How to fix a sunburnt nose?
How to fix an ingrown tonail without getting surgery?
How to fix eyelid skin damage?
How to fix my sleep deprivation?
How to gain fat/muscle/weight in general!!?
How to get a bigger chest and a smaller stomach?
How to get a flatter tummy?
How to get a rid of a cold for maybe a few hours at the most?
How to get exercise without going outside?
How to get get rid of loose skin after loosing weight?
How to get lighter skin naturally?
How to get medicare for alzheimer person?
How to get my acne to go away?
How to get over a fear of sleepovers?
How to get over a slight allergy to plants?
How to get over eating disorder?
How to get over health anxiety?
How to get over my control problems?
How to get over the fact that alcoholism is screwing up my life?
How to get parents to be more supportive of weight loss?
How to get people to stop calling me anorexic?
How to get prescribed pain killers?
How to get rid from chicken pox as soon as possible?
How to get rid of a bad sunburn on your face?
How to get rid of a bump on your eye lid from allergies?
How to get rid of a canker sore in my mouth?
How to get rid of a cold or symptoms overnight?
How to get rid of a cold symptoms quickly?
How to get rid of a jiggly butt?
How to get rid of a pimple on my nose in a week?
How to get rid of a pimple?
How to get rid of a rash?
How to get rid of a recent burn?
How to get rid of a rejected piercing scar ?
How to get rid of a runny nose fast?
How to get rid of a sinus headache and sinus pressure?
"How to get rid of a stuffy nose, soar throat and bug bite on my outer calf by monday?"
How to get rid of a sun burn quickly without aloe?
How to get rid of a sunburn quickly?
How to get rid of a tooth ach without using anything that would affect my birth control (the pill)?
How to get rid of acne with home supplies?
How to get rid of allergies naturally?
How to get rid of an allergic reaction rash?
How to get rid of an ingrown toenail without going to the hospital?
How to get rid of baby fat under the chin?
How to get rid of back and chest acne?
How to get rid of congestion and sinus headache?
How to get rid of deep scars?
How to get rid of drainage fast?
How to get rid of dry hands?
How to get rid of dust effectively?
How to get rid of eczema on arms with natural ingredients?
How to get rid of facial swelling from ibuprofen?
How to get rid of flat scars?
How to get rid of fungus inside of body?
How to get rid of genital warts? What creams or product to buy?
How to get rid of hyper-pigmentation?
How to get rid of impetigo scars naturally?
How to get rid of itchy eyes?
How to get rid of migraines?
How to get rid of mouth ulcers in 1 day?
How to get rid of my nightmares?
How to get rid of my whiteheads!?
How to get rid of nut allergy?
How to get rid of pain from squats?
How to get rid of pimples fast with things at home?
How to get rid of pimples quickly?
How to get rid of razor bumps ?
How to get rid of redness around eyes?
How to get rid of redness in scar?
How to get rid of redness on my face?
How to get rid of scars effectively?
How to get rid of shiny black circles under eyes?
How to get rid of skin discoloration naturally?
How to get rid of stomach fat without gaining muscle/abs?
How to get rid of stretch marks on back?
How to get rid of stretchmarks and cellulite quick?
How to get rid of sunburn fast?
How to get rid of sunburn pain?
How to get rid of sunburn redness?
How to get rid of sunburn right away?
How to get rid of super red eyes?
How to get rid of swollen gums with braces?
How to get rid of swollen nasals?
How to get rid of these embarrassing stretch marks and cellulite on my legs?
How to get rid of tmj?
How to get rid of warts?
"How to get rid of wheezing, and mucus in lungs/chest?"
How to get rid of whiteheads and blackheads?
How to get rid of whiteheads quickly?
How to get the red of a sunburn to fade fast?
How to get the sting out of a sunburn?
How to get weed out of my system?
How to get your sunburn into a tan?
How to give up alcohol when you're young and not an achoholic?
How to handle a verbally abusive elderly patient?
How to handle floaters until they sink?
How to handle having plastic surgery while working?
How to handle my cashew allergy if I live in india?
How to handle sun burn on your face?
How to have energy when you're super tired?
How to heal a blood graze quickly?
How to heal a cut on my stomach fast!?
How to heal a facial scab?
How to heal a popped pimple?
How to heal a tanning bed burn faster?
How to heal allergy acne on legs?
How to heal an allergic reaction from benzoyl peroxide?
How to heal irritated skin scars?
How to heal painful redness under nose from blowing nose?
How to help a condom stay on?
How to help a friend with an eating disorder?
How to help bad sunburn on my face?
How to help ease period cramps?
How to help my dad with his mental health?
How to help my friend with bulimia?
How to help one to stop drinking?
How to help someone with an eating disorder?
How to help sunburns?
How to hide my self harm scars there all up my arms?
How to i get my cutting scars to fade?
How to improve spring allergy?
How to increase metabolism?
How to increase our memory power?
How to increase sperm count?
How to increase the penis size?
How to increase the size of penis and what is the minimum lenght required to satisfy a women?
How to increase the size of the penis by natural method?
How to induce nasal drainage while lying down?
How to kick allergy symptoms?
How to know if i busted ovarian cyst?
How to know if i had thread worms?
How to know if you have colon cancer or cancer of that sort?
How to limit the amount of sugar you eat?
How to loosen sunburned skin?
How to lose 15 lbs in 2 weeks without starving? What will the effects be on my body?
How to lose 5 pounds when you can't do cardio or intense exercise?
How to lose belly fat quickly?
"How to lose fat (stomach, thighs)?"
How to lose my belly fat and make it flat?
How to lose my weight as soon as possible?
How to lose weight when you have a liver condition?
How to lose weight/ tone up stomach fat?
How to lower sgpt naturally?
How to make a sunburn less noticeable?
How to make an eye less puffy?
How to make my apartment safe for a child allergic to peanuts?
How to make my dad understand my aspergers/asd?
How to make my sunburn hurt less?
How to make my toes numb?
How to make novacaine wear off faster?
How to make your own hand sanitising gel?
How to minimize mentrual symptoms without drugs?
How to moisturize my hand?
How to not fall asleep after having benadryl?
How to overcome anxiety attacks from public speaking?
How to overcome problem of impotence n premature ejaculation..?
How to permanently cure fungal infections ?
How to prepare for anal?
How to prevent getting an anxiety attack?
How to prevent implantation bleeding on birth control pill?
How to prevent yeast infection while on antibiotics?
How to prevent yourself from swallowing mucus?
How to prevent/soothe prickly heat?
How to properly clean anal beads?
How to quickly cope with braces pain?
How to reduce redness in insect (midge) bites?
How to reduce redness in sun burn quickly?
How to reduce sgpt amount as quick as possible?
How to reduce swelling on face from a sunburn?
How to reduce/stop night terrors-advice needed plz?
How to relieve a decayed tooth with exposed nerve?
How to relieve a sore throat?
How to relieve constipation?
How to relieve neck/back pain from working at the computer for ages?
How to relieve stuffy nose from allergies?
How to remove eczema scars?
How to remove useless information from ones memory?
How to rid sun blister on chest that hardened like scar or ingrown pimple?
How to sanitize myself for someone who has cat allergies?
How to sleep better at night?
How to sleep with a bad sunburn?
How to sleep with really bad sunburn ?
How to sleep with sunburn on shoulders and back?
How to sooth braces pain?
How to soothe a scratch in the eye?
How to soothe a very itchy sunburn?
How to soothe strep throat pain?
How to start in going about helping people overcome issues so they can get healthy?
How to stay motivated when losing weight?
How to stop a burn from tingling ?
How to stop a miserable sunburn itch asap :'(?
How to stop a runny nose at school?
How to stop an itchy allergic rash?
How to stop bleeding after a circumcision?
How to stop braces pain? Should i take motrin or aleve?
How to stop burning from a friction burn?
How to stop constipation & rectal bleeding?
How to stop depression affecting my relationship?
How to stop eczema around the lips?
How to stop friend from self harming?
How to stop having an itchy mons veneris?
How to stop my skin peeling?
How to stop my stomach aches?
How to stop nausea and achy legs?
How to stop peeling after sunburn?
How to stop poison ivy swelling?
How to stop relapsing from an eating disorder?
How to stop runny nose from allergies?
How to stop stubborn anemia?
How to stretch my pulled muscles?
How to suppress my appertite?
How to survive an asthma attack without an inhalor?
How to take the swelling out of mosquito bites?
How to talk to my mom about getting therapy for ocd?
How to talk to my parents about my anxiety?
How to talk to someone about an eating disorder?
How to tell if i'm allergic to gluten?
How to tell if your allergic?
How to tell if your bone is bruised/fractured without x-ray?
How to tell the difference between hemmerhoids and anal cancer ?
How to tell the difference from normal anxiety and an anxiety disorder?
How to test if i am allergic or sensitive to spermicide?
How to test if i am allergic to spermicide?
How to tone my *lower* abs?
How to tone my body in shortest amount of time?
How to treat 2nd degree sunburn?
How to treat 3rd degree burns?
How to treat a bad sunburn!?
How to treat a burn from a stove?
How to treat a face rash?
"How to treat a rash, urgent!?"
How to treat a sunburn?
How to treat allergies with cold-like symptoms?
How to treat an allergic reaction to spermicide condom?
How to treat an eye infection?
How to treat an ingrown toenail?
How to treat anal fissure (tear) ?
How to treat anal yeast infection?
How to treat anemia its driving me crazy and i fell so weak?
"How to treat dry, itchy, cracked knuckles?"
How to treat minor infections?
How to treat moderate alcoholism (alcohol deaddiction)?
How to treat my infected ear piercing?
How to treat oil burnt hand?
How to treat second degree burns?
How to treat severe facial sunburn?
How to treat swollen ankle?
How to treat the skin darkened due to allergy?
How to treat/get rid of a 1st degree chemical burn?
How to trim down stomach fat and get a six pack for my dream girl?
How to unstop my ear ?
How to unstuff your nose?
How to use and preserve aloe vera gel on skin?
How will i feel after having anesthesia?
How would amphetamine react with risperdone toprimate and levetiracetam?
How would i go about fixing my crooked penis?
"Husband needs pain relief for sore shoulder joints. what would be helpful, but not cause the reaction that naproxen caused?"
Hypoallergenic sunscreen gave me rashes. What do I do?
I accidentally cut my thigh!! the inside looked white is that bad?
"I almost always feel like i could pass out at any moment, why?"
I already take antibiotic course of 5 days and my throat infection is gone. Should I stop taking antibiotics?
I always have an annoying itch after almost every bath that i take how can i get rid of it?
I am 17 is there any medicine that can solve premature ejaculation permanently?
I am 36 yrs of age. i have a pot belly. please suggest some exercise to reduce my belly?
I am 47 and i had fibroid earlier 7 yrs back but it came back they told to get surgery and remove the fibroid.. need opinions?
I am 48 yrs old my alt is 107 pl tell me precautionary measures for me to reduce alt level? i have fatty liver?
"I am 5'8"" and 55 kg. i am a 19 years old skinny guy. what should i do to gain weight?"
"I am a allergic asthmatics patient,please suggest me that doing gym is good or bad for me ?"
I am a caregiver to a patient with dementia. anyone know how to help anger outbursts?
I am absolutely terrified of getting my wisdom teeth surgically removed. does it hurt more when its surgically removed?
"I am allergic to all fruits, is there anyway i can eat them?"
I am allergic to fur like cats and dogs but what about guinea pigs? Do they count?
I am allergic to most fruits. i really want to eat healthy but i cant. i would like to know if there is anyway possible to be able to eat any?
"I am allergic to wheat, soy, dairy and eggs. what is there left to eat?"
"I am an indian(17 ), about to enter college. my foreskin doesnt go beyond my glans, is this normal?"
I am constipated very badly and wondering what tools a doctor could use to get it out?
I am dependent on a laxative and how do i stop my dependency on it?
"I am diabetic,but does that mean that even a glass of coke a month would be dangerous?"
I am due to have Ureter reimplantation surgery. What can I expect?
I am experiencing irregular heart beat and sweaty palms. how long until 240mg will leave my system and the side effects will go away?
I am extremely scared of any kind of needle or surgery or pain. is this iv sedation a good way to go?
I am getting 2 of my wisdom teeth cut out by a dentist not a oral surgeon and my 1 wisdom tooth is curved into the molar. Can a dentist do that?
"I am getting an allergy skin prick test, what does the doctor do when they find out what im allergic to?"
I am getting my teeth extracted today and how long will my gum's remain frozen for?
"I am going to have all four of my wisdom teeth taken out in a few days, will i confess secrets after having anesthesia?"
I am going to take a course of tablet steroids but i'm not sure of which one. How do I pick the right one for me?
I am having ingrown toenail removal. what to expect?
"I am having surgery next week to have uterine fibroids taken out, and i am so scared to be put under. How can I stay calm?"
I am having surgery to remove my left ovary in a few days. will they require me to take my clothes off for the operation?
"I am having terrible headaches in my temples, please help?"
"I am helping with a distant relative who is dying, what should i expect?"
"I am highly allergic to feta, pine nuts, and cashews. Is there a trend?"
"I am in day 2 of detoxing from 45-60 mg of percocet a day for 3.5 years, the withdrawal is the worst! help?"
I am looking for a metal brace for an ingrown toenail. Where can I find one?
I am male..i took dianabol 15 mg ed..for 1 week..but now i hv realised i m not ready for it.. can I just stop?
I am not allergic to latex that i know of but is it possible my uterus could be allergic to the latex in a diaphragm?
"I am now 160cm, but i am 51kg, i want to be 45 kg.i want to lose weight, how?"
I am on 100mg of amitriptyline and i have to pee every 10 minutes. What can I do to fix it?
"I am on alysena, which is similar to alesse. it only contains .020mg of estrogen. is it less effective then regular birth control?"
"I am only attracted to alchoholics, it's like i'm addicted to them. What could cause this predisposition?"
I am overweight but dr keeps putting it down to diet and lack of exercise. Could it be something other than that?
I am practicing to write with my left hand & now i am having pain in my index finger of left hand.what to do?
I am scared of having a general anaesthetic. any coping mechanisms?
"i am so miserable, i literally can't sit still. i put aloe lotion on it but it made it so much worse. is it going to peel?"
I am starting to cry cause of how bad my knee hurts please help?
"I am suffering from sinusitis, please recommend a diet regimen?"
"I am tall amd skinny , & was wondering how to build muscle and get stronger?"
I am training to be a nail technician and i think i am allergic to acrylic. How can I overcome this?
I ate a fish sandwich. my boyfriend is allergic to seafood and i am afraid to kiss him what should i do?
I ate moldy pasta sauce and am allergic to mold. what symptoms should i look for?
I ate strawberrys and got hives around my eyes. Could this be an allergy?
I been having allergic reactions and i was wondering can you become allergic to something out of the no where?
I believe i broke my toe. i start my job in a week. Is it possible to recover that quickly?
I believe i have neuropathy..help?
I believe i have strep throat. been taking amoxicillin for about 48-72 hours. When will it start working?
I believe i may have an allergy to water. any help?
I believe the constant bleeding over my prostate has actually caused it to shrink. do you think this is possible?
"I bleed occasionally when i wipe. does this sound like an anal yeast infection, fissure, or hemorrhoid?"
I blink it hurts right under my left eye. is it an eye infection?
I bought lube and how do i get the package without my parents knowing ?
I burnt my finger on a pan and i have a huge blister. What can I do?
I can make milk but i'm also allergic to it as well. Is this abnormal?
I can't eat or drink anything and i take tylenol every 4 hours and it still hurts like crazy! any help?
"I can't get rid of my allergy symptoms, help?"
I can't get rid of threadworms (also known as pinworms). what more can i do?
I can't remember two things at a time. what should i do to develop mind power & memory?
I can't stand the isolation anymore. what can i do?
I cant stop thinking about my friend that tried to commit suicide what do i do?
I can't tell if i have heat rash or an allergic reaction. help!?
I constantly am falling asleep and i dont know why especially in a car what could be causeing this?
I cut myself and don't know what to do? Ive been feeling empty and i don't know why..
I cut myself sadly. i am seeking help but i do not want to scar. i have no aloe vera. any other suggestions?
"I developed an allergy to horses, mules, could I have 'outgrown' my allergy?"
I do things to make people angry because i want to be punished. why do i do this?
"I don't eat bread, cereal or pasta, am i missing out on any essential vitamins or minerals?"
"I don't have aloe vera at the moment, but i was outside up. any ideas other than aloe vera, vinegar, and lukewarm water?"
I dont know if i have hiv or something else. please help?
"I don't know why but i get boners when i poop, and it feels good. is this normal?"
I dont seem to have any energy during thr day and i feel tired after half a day of work. How do I get more energy without drinking boosters?
"I don't want to interact with other people, at all. Is this a social disorder?"
"I don't want to live anymore, my boyfriend left me?"
"I don't want to talk to my friend anymore, what should i tell them?"
I drink 2 bottles of wine a day while i search for jobs. Does this count as an alcoholic?
I dropped an empty drawr from a dresser on my big toe and now it's super swollen. How do I get the swelling down?
I eat a high fibre diet with lots of water but im still constipated. what causes this?
I farted and a green jelly like substance oozed out. it doesnt have an odor but tastes kind of sour. is this something i should be concerned about?
"I feel a weird tingling feeling like in my anus, it has been going on for 2 days. What can cause this?"
"I feel an ovarian cyst coming on, getting uncomfortable and painful, what do i do?"
I feel like i have to keep swallowing and i have a headache. i think it might be from crying last night. Is this weird?
I feel like throwing up. I've been having this feeling for a while now like almost two weeks. What could this be?
I feel more like the real me when i'm drunk/stoned than i do when i'm sober. Is this weird?
I feel my wisdom tooth coming in and it hurts really bad.. it's just starting to poke through the skin. will i have to get it removed?
I feel stupid and numb and like nothing matters any more. What is this feeling?
"I feel tired during the day even though I get 8 hours of sleep, what's wrong?"
I finished my 500mg amoxicillin course for lung congestion now i cannot keep any food down and still congested. Help?
I fit the criteria of someone with anorexia nervosa but i feel too fat to have an ed?
"I found 3 in my house should i use maalox,mylanta, or castoria?"
I found a bottle of expired ambien from 2005. are they ok to take?
I found a lump on the shaft of my penis. what does this mean?
"I found blood on my stool, what could this possibly mean?"
"I get a dull pain in my prostate/colon, what can I do?"
I get a lot of sleep but im still always tired. Should I be worried?
I get a rash when i eat bananas and raw carrots. could i be allergic?
"I get allergy shots and my allergist said during the course of shots, could I get anaphylaxis?"
I get blood on tissue on the final wipe of my bottom not in poo. if this is haemorroids should i not strain when taking a poo?
I get diaherrea after i eat gluten. when i got a blood test done it came out fine. what is this?
I get orgasms randomly without touching myself is this normal?
I get these sneeze attacks every once in a while and it's out of control. How do i make the sneezing stop?
I got a bad sunburn yesterday and i think its 2nd degree. how long will it take to heal?
"I got a bee sting yesterday around noon, and its swollen, and red about 2 inches in diameter around the area. it stings too. is this normal?"
I got a food allergy and i was wondering what i can do to get rid of them like.home remedies or other treatments like creams?
I got a protein supplement the other day and it reads that it has 22 grms of l-glutaminsaure per 100gms.what is it really?
I got amox-clav for a sinus infection and i didnt finish them (i know not smart) and now i have a uti can i just take the amox-clav?
I got bit 3 days ago can i still die from a poisonous spider bite?
I got blood work done from my arm now it feels weird. help?
"I got blood work, and it came back with high liver enzymes. Should I be worried?"
I got burned now theres red skin please help?
"I got covered in spray paint, will i die?"
I got severely sunburned what do i do?
"I got studded playing football a week ago today. i have a game tonight, can i make the bruise a bit better?"
"I got sunburned and just started peeling on my nose. i need it to stop quick, is there anyway to stop the peeling fast?"
I got sunburned today and i am allergic to any kind of aloe. what should i do?
I got sunburnt and my lower neck and shoulders are swollen!?
I got water in my ear and it has an ear infection and eardrum ruptured what shall i do?
I had a bad drug abuse and have been clean for nine months. What are some things to help keep me in the right track?
I had a bad respiratory infection about a month ago..it was really bad.i got on oral steroids for 6 days a really strong dose now im pooping mucus. What do I do?
I had a blood test and my alt is 54 and ast is 33 is this dangerous?
I had a cortisone shot yesterday and my foot still feels weird. How long is this sensation supposed to last?
I had a ingrown toenail removed and my toes never got better. What can I do?
"I had a strep test that came out positive so was put on amoxicillin, will this affect the plan b in any way?"
I had a terrible allergic reaction to lidocaine that put me in the hospital. so i am curious how common is an allergic reaction to lidocaine?
"I had a weird allergic reaction to kiwi, and now i cant get rid of it!?"
I had an allergic reaction last night and i went to the hospital and they realised me?
I had an amalgam filling done on my back safe to use if you have an amalgam filling?
"I had an extraction under local anaesthetic, which has worn off but i still cant smile or use muscle. Help?"
"I had an eye infection, do i have to throw out my eye shadow?"
I had an ovarian cyst and i'm going too the obgyn for a pelvic exam and i'm scared! I'm 16 and i don't know what to expect?
"I had anal sex about 2 times within the past month , now i have really unusual pain.?"
I had anal sex and then vaginal sex right after. Is it still safe?
I had anal sex should i be worried?
"I had antibiotics on the combined pill and also used the withdrawal method, could i still be pregnant?"
I had been diagnosed 3 weeks ago with a 3.5 cm ovarian cyst. What do I do?
I had blood drawn yesterday at 4 pm and i feel sick and light headed. How long does this last?
I had blood in my poo after a long run and now feel like i cant use the restroom that comfortably what do i do?
"I had depression when i was a teen, and now realize i made a stupid mistake, and i don't know how to get rid of my scars. help ?"
"I had gallbladder surgery this morning and now i'm in extreme pain,the pain medication is not helping. What else can I take?"
I had knee cap alignment surgery 2 months ago and my knee is still popping/cracking! why is that?
I had low iron a couple years ago and i think i have the symptoms again?
I had my hair coloured almost two mondays ago and i have since had redness on my scalp and sensitivity. What should I do about this?
"I had my period when i was in 6th grade which is normal but im 16 right now and this year, i had my period for about 2 times maybe. What should I do?"
"I had my tooth filled (dental caries) a few hours ago but the anesthesia needle hurt, and now i'm kinda feeling pain when i move my jaw is it normal?"
"I had pancreatitis in the past, can i drink now if it has been a long time?"
I had partial finger amputation surgery three days ago. Hand was swollen. is this normal three days after partial amputation surgery?
I had pulled my foreskin back and its too burning and now it formed like a ring of flesh around the head glans. Is this an infection?
I had strep throat and i took all the antibiotics but now my throat hurts again! Help?
I had surgery to remove an ovary/cyst last week and the incision sites itch really bad! is there anything i can do to stop the itching?
I had surgery yesterday. i've been urinating a lot. is this related?
I had these weird allergies when i was little and now they are completely gone. Can you grow in and out of allergies?
"I had vodka earlier, then i had two advil pm pills before bed without thinking it through first. What could happen?"
I hate allergies! i can't concentrate on my homework at all and keeping my eyes open is so painful. why doesn't allergy medicine work?
I hate having allergies!!! how long do they take to go away?
"I hate my life and i want to commit suicide, but i can't. What can I do?"
"I hate not having a foreskin, feel so deprived..?"
I have 2 big sun blisters on my face. should i continue using aloe or stop and let it dry out?
"I have 40/20 vision, what can i do to have better vision?"
I have a 3 cm ovarian cyst on my right ovary and i'm only 19 years old! Why is this happening?
"I have a 82 year old mother in law to look after, she has got alzheimer and is very reluctant to drink fluids. Can you offer any tips?"
"I have a anxiety disorder, just wondering how common is anxiety in this world?"
"I have a blister on my heel and i was wondering.: if i put pure aloe gel (by: ocean potion skin care), will it help at all?"
I have a coccyx issue and need some advice?
"I have a cold, which drug should i use?"
I have a constant headache and white fingers. i am also a vegetarian & don't take any iron supplements. could i have anaemia?
"I have a cut bum, and had a poo. will itt get infected?"
I have a cyst on the isthmus of the thyroid gland. it is tender to touch. how can I remove it?
"I have a daughter i love with all my heart, but i am constantly screwing things up. can i get help?"
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow at 10:30 to get fillings if i take laughing gas will i be okay to go back to school and play volleyball by 3:15?
I have a ear infection need help?
I have a fever and a sore throat. i already took dayquil. should i still take allegra for my seasonal allergies?
"I have a friend who is anaemic. what food do you all suggest to ""lower"" the anaemia?"
I have a horrible sunburn! anyone have any home remedies?
I have a huge brush burn on my leg from sliding in softball and i dont know how to treat it?
"I have a kidney stone and have not yet passes it,,, is it possible that it can grow while just bein in there?"
I have a persistent fear that i have leukemia. Is this irrational?
I have a pimple growing under my skin how to get ridd of it?
I have a plugged ear with loud ringing in it. What can I do to treat this?
I have a problem with my hard on .it takes too long to get it. Is there something that will help?
I have a prostate infection i can't seem to get rid of. What do you suggest?
I have a rash on my face/ neck and am having 2 wisdom teeth extracted tomorrow. will this be a problem?
I have a rash on my forearms and stomach. What can I put on it for quick results?
I have a rash tiny pimple like bumps on/in between all 5 fingers on my right hand?
"I have a really bad sunburn on my face and chest, how can i make the redness go away?"
I have a severe case of fibromyalgia.any one know if a hot tub will help it?
I have a small allergic reaction to silver?
I have a small pinkish bump on my lower shaft. Should I be worried?
"I have a sore in my nose from blowing to much from allegies,how can i get rid of it please?"
I have a soy allergy and also a wheat allergy so i need to know what i can eat and how to avoid foods with that?
"I have a stomach ache probably from the nuts i ate. What can i take, TUMs??"
"I have a sty in my eye and it hurts when i blink, what home products can i use to help it?"
I have a sunburn on my back so i really can't reach it. how can i make it feel better when i can't really reach it?
I have a terrible cat allergy. is there anything i can do to build up an immunity?
I have a terrible cough. Could this be from hay fever?
I have a terrible migrain what do i do?
I have a tooth infection when will the pain go away so i can feel normal again?
I have a uti and was just wondering if it is similar to e coli?
I have a uti my lower back & above my vaginal area hurts. What can i do for this?
I have a very intense sunburn help please?
"I have allergies to sheep/goat milk, but not cow milk, and i was wondering, how common/rare is this?"
"I have alopecia areta, it has grown back now but where i lost my hair hurts?"
I have an eating disorder and i think it's taking a toll on my physical health?
"I have an eating disorder but im maintaining my weight on a small amount of calories, am i still sick?"
I have an eating disorderi want to know if it might contribute to my paranoia and anxiety?
I have an eye infection - do i need to go see the doctor?
I have an infected third degree burn and no way to get medical attention for 12hrs?
I have an ingrown toenail and i don't know what to do?
"I have an ingrown toenail on both my big toes, but they dont bother me at all?"
I have an ovarian cyst. im so sick :( help?
I have anal a lot but i cant stop farting now! is it normal?
I have anemia and some people have told me that green tea makes it worse. Is this true?
I have anemia but i don't seem to feel any of the sighs and symptoms my doctor told me. can anyone help?
I have anemia. how do i cure it and how will it affect my sports performance?
I have asthma due to allergies and i'd like to know what over the counter drugs is good for asthma?
I have badly hurt my knee i cant walk on my right knee too much as it too painful i don't know what to do?
I have been constipated and i havn't been able to **** for five days. help please?
I have been constipated for 5 days what do i do?
I have been coughing for about 2 or 3 weeks. is there something wrong with me?
I have been having blurred vision for 10 days in one eye. what is happening?
I have been having my period twice a month now for 3 months. Should I be worried?
I have been suffering from a lower lumbar strain for over 9 months could it be something worse?
"I have been taking diet pills for about 5 years straight, am i in danger?"
I have blood in my stool. can someon please explain why?
I have blood type o.. what alcohol should i be drinking?
I have cat allergies. is subletting an apartment where a cat lived 2 years ago a good idea?
I have clear sinus scan but sinus pain. What could be wrong?
"I have constant stomach pain, vomiting, diarreah, headaches, no appetite, stomach rumbling all day but what is ibs?"
"I have crippling chronic headaches, willing to try anything! help!?"
I have dermatitis can i give it to my two cats and dog ?
I have extremely bad breath even though i brush my teeth a lot. what can i do?
"I have fluid in my ear because of alergies so doctor gave me a medicine called zurtic, will that help it go away?"
I have had a cold for about 3 years. how do i get rid of it?
I have had a trapped nerve in my leg for about a year. would physiotherapy help?
I have had an abnormal number of nosebleeds recently. What could this indicate?
I have had anal bleeding an it has stopped now but it was bright red every time i went to poo. What could it have been?
I have had costochondritis for a year and need some help. Who can I talk to?
I have had severe right flank pain. Should i go to the er?
I have had two different burns over the last few years and this latest burn is acting the same way. Little bumps rise up around the perimeter of the burn. could i be allergic to the medicine?
"I have hay fever, i keep sneezing and my eyes are really itchy but they don't go red or swell up, should i swim or not?"
"I have heard that lemon syrup in lukewarm water with honey helps to reduce weight, is it?"
I have hepititus c and my dr said my liver count is at 250 what does that mean.?
I have hpv. should i avoid oral sex?
"I have hydrocodone syrup, and it says take 5 ml by mouth twice daily. Where can I find more info about this?"
I have insomnia that has lasted over 2 weeks now. Please help?
"I have interstitial cystitis along with cronic fatigue syndome, asthma and severe allergies. help!?"
"I have iron deficiency anemia, should i take iron mg 65 once a week or more?"
I have iron defiency anemia.is there a chance i could die in the future if not treated?
I have it in my brain that only starving myself will make me lose weight! Help?
I have liquid in my ear because of alergies got medicen for alergies is it going to help for liquid to drain?
"I have lots of red spots on my face, how do i get rid of them?"
I have low ferritin with no other symptoms. should i worry?
"I have milk allergy because of ibs that i have, doctor said that i can't drink or eat milk products. Can this be cured?"
"I have no appetite, but i do not believe i have an eating disorder. help?"
I have numbness right below my hip on my left leg. what could this be?
"I have obsessive thinking and i pick at my skin, please help?"
I have pain in my knee and told i need a new hip does the pain in my knee come from arthritis in hip?
"I have painless red bumps in my throat, and a whiteish tongue. What should I do?"
I have post nasal drip and making excessive amounts of mucus and they are liquid so i can't help but swallow. how do i prevent from doing it?
I have post nasal drip. but when i use anti-histmianes they don't work well and just thicken the mucus. Help?
"I have pretty bad allergies, but im not sure if it just a cold. How can i tell?"
I have realized dairy is causing my acne. but what is it in dairy thats giving me acne?
I have really bad alergies! what should I take?
I have really bad allergies help please?
I have really bad spring time allergies. What medications would be good to take?
"I have really obsessive thoughts and i think i'm going insane, please help?"
I have right jaw pain that leads to ear when open mouth or chew why?
I have right temple spasms with right eye twitch what neurological disorders involvement this?
I have runny/stuffy nose all the time. what's wrong with me?
I have scars on my legs from mosquito bites. how do i get rid of it?
"I have scoliosis and was prescribed celecoxib capsules 200mg, i was wondering what the side effects are?"
I have seasonal allergies but am getting surgery. Will this fix it completely?
I have seasonal allergies but i am scheduled for surgery. Will the docs give me anything before the surgery?
I have severe cat allergies and i was told the chiroprater can help or get rid of them. is that true?
I have severe coonstipation and severe hemmrrhoids inside and out what to do?
I have severe hyper-pigmentation on my chin. like really severe. it fading away slowly but how do i make it go away faster?
I have severe insommnia amd on sleeping medication isthere any non prescription tablets that work?
"I have sickle cell anemia, and hair will fall out then grow back, is this a side effect, and if it is, what can i do to stop it?"
I have slightly high sgpt/alt levels and took 6 mgs of klonopin. Will I be okay?
I have small round clear water bubbles on my feet. Is this serious?
I have snorted amhpetamiens about 20. is there a irreversible long term damage from this ?
I have some blood work tmrw for diabetic and anemia testing how long should i fast before taking the test?
"I have some weird sun burn on my nose and its been here for 3days the chemist said to use eurax,but i heard aloe vera works? which is better"
"I have speech problems when i am anaemic, is it normal?"
I have strep throat and i am taking amoxicillin for it but i'm still in pain. will xanax help?
I have stretch marks on my boobs how do i get rid of them or make them less visible?
"I have stretch marks, what do i do ?"
I have sun poisoning. how do i heal the quickest?
"I have symptoms like kidney stones but its not kidney stones according to the ultra sound, so what else could it be?"
I have taken 15 aleve liquid capsules don't ask why ik it was really stupid but what's going to happen?
"I have these dark circles since childhood. they look really weird, the doc says its because of improper sleep but for years. Why?"
"I have these images of my childhood, my father was an alcoholic, i'm a teenager now idk what to do?"
I have these weird/amazing feelings that something good will happen. What causes this feeling of euphoria?
"I have three calculi in gall bladder is this the reason of sgpt-110.7,sgot-67.2?"
I have to get a tooth filled this week and i've never had this done and this is my first cavity does it hurt and what should i expect ?
I have to get all four of my wisdom teeth out. at the same time i have to get one of my molars extracted also. what will the procedure be like?
I have to get my wisdom teeth out and i don't like needles and i'm nervous. Is there any other way?
"I have to get my wisdom teeth removed and then return to school the next day. on top of that i have to take a few exams, any advice?"
I have to get two of my front teeth pulled out to get braces. Is this normal procedure?
I have to pee but nothing comes out. Do i have an ovarian cyst ?
"I have to take this medicine, but yesterday i found out i have been taking allergy pills instead. will anything happen?"
"I have two anal fissures, help!?"
"I have two small, round bald spots on the lower half of my scalp, what to do?"
I havent pooped in probably about a week. What can I do to get a bowel movement?
I heard smoking helps you lose weight but i don't want it to damage my lungs so i was wondering if e cigs helped weightless?
I heard that actually you aren't suppose to have a drink a day but need a few days off. is this true?
"I heard that after you eat, your enamel is softened and if you brush and floss, you'll damage the enamel. is this true?"
I heard that er rooms stock vodka for if alcoholics stop drinking and go into shock. is this true?
I heard that if you are taking protein powder you cannot drink any type of alcohol. is it true?
I hit the top of my head really hard what should i do?
I hvent pooped in 6 days. What kind of laxatives would be good?
I just found out i have a grass allergy. anyone know of any permanent cures for allergies?
I just got a bad sunburn and i am peeling all over! i know it has to but is there a cream or something i can use to make it look a lot less atrocious?
I just got a very bad sunburn and i want to just keep putting. on aloe after sun lotion but how often should i apply it?
I just got my wisdom teeth pulled today but i woke up and i wasn't loopy at all. is this normal?
"I just had an eye surgery 1 day ago, can i vaporize weed?"
"I just had one aleve pill at 7 this morning, could i take a zzzquil with it?"
I just had surgery on my foot. 2 days later i developed fracture blisters and a strep infection. Are these related to the surgery?
I just made myself throw up and now my throat feels bruised. How can I treat this?
I just smoked a bunch of hookah with my friends at hookah bar and i have a drug testing coming up. Will this be detected?
I just tested positive for a wheat allergy - what do i do now?
I just took 2mg xanax and my blood pressure is 93/48 with 79 pulse. Is this normal?
I just took about 15-20 ambiens. now i'm scared. what shoud i do?
I just turned 17 and i'm getting my wisdom teeth out. does it hurt?
I just want good sleep! I cannot sleep!!!! what is wrong with me?
I just want to kill myself all the time but i just can't do it.?
I just want to know if it is possible to get a sexual disease or std or aids or herpies or anything from eating out the butthole of the same gender?
I just woke up because my foot is super itchy and now my eye is swollen! help!?
I keep getting anal itch and i don't know how to prevent it from happening again to me?
I keep oversleeping and missing school. what should i do to prevent this?
I know a woman who wobbles when she walks. what could cause this?
I know it sounds disgusting but i genially want an eating disorder?
"I know it's a little embarrassing but the last 2 days, i've been bleeding whilst on the toilet, why is this?"
I looked at an ipad on full brightness in total darkness and my eyes have burned for weeks. What can I do?
"I might have to have my top wisdom tooth out soon and i'm so scared! also, how easy is it to get dry socket?"
I mixed an alcoholic drink with an allergy pill. Is this okay?
"I need 2 weeks to lose 20 pounds, help is this possible?"
I need a anti depressant which gives pleasure n joy to mind without sleepy side effects and without dowsiness?
I need all my teeth pulled out and i cant afford it. What are my options?
I need answers. does drinking beer or other drinks affect sperm/fertility?
"I need help finding a pain medication to use after surgeries, doctors never know what to use?"
I need help please! what sort of things could have caused this many false positives on a urine screen?
I need help really bad. my boyfriend cheated on me and caught herpes. Could I have it now?
I need ideas for a colonoscopy gag gift.?
"I need some guidance, i feel quite stressed out everyday about my future and everyday life?"
I need some motivation to lose weight. Do you have any tips?
I need to lose 30 pounds before i go back to school. any advice/tips?
I need to take it for acid reflux i know long term use can harm kidneys but can it kill you instantly for any reason ?
I need to wake up early for school but it's so hard i'm so tired in the morning what can i do to feel awake and refreshed.?
I never finished the medicine to get rid of my chlamydia and i think it is back. should i finish it now?
"I never have energy and it's affecting my life, i stay up all night and sleep all day. How can I change?"
I now cant breathe at all through my nose. Could this be caused by an allergic reaction?
I obsess and pick at my skin. do i have ocd?
"I originally had taken allegra allergy 24 hours but my sinus pressure and congestion is pretty bad, would it hurt to take an allegra d 12 hrs?"
"I picked my sunburn blister, what do i do to prevent scarring?"
I pulled a muscle in my butt. How do you treat this?
"I quit drinking & i'm gonna be sober forever, but i'm in acute withdrawal. my mind won't slow down. Any advice?"
I randomly break out in hives when i come home. How do I figure out what it is?
I read something about acne being caused by dairy and sugar allergies. is it true?
I really want a kitten but my mom is allergic. Is there something she can take to help with the allergy?
I recently found out i was born with anemia. does that mean i still have anemia?
I recently got a tooth extracted. can i drink?
"I recently sustained a neck injury, and my neck muscles keep going into spasm, is this a big problem?"
"I recently told a friend i was getting my tubes tied. and she told me that they have dialate you, is this true?"
I saw a girl on myfitnesspal doing 500 cals a day and burning 200. is she ana?
"I see a bad future of drugs and alcohol ahead of me, i just want opinions?"
I shared mascara with someone and now my eye hurts. What could it be?
I shower after i exercise. it is okay?
I started running again and ever since when i lean on my left leg then take the pressure off it hurts really bad. does anyone know what it could be?
I started using vaseline on my face but i think it makes my face itch. Could this be an allergic reaction?
"I suffer from chronic migraines, and need advice? Ritalin + amitriptyline + tramadol ! any reasons not to try this?"
"I suffer from severe alcoholism, and my family is coming to visit this very stressful time. How do I cope with this?"
I suspect I have amenorrhea-should i go to the doctors?
"I take dexamphetamine, but everything online seems to be about dextropolamine. what are the differences?"
I take in a large quantity i really need to go to sleep. am i allergy to milk?
I take roughly 2750mg of naproxen almost daily for headache relief. Is this overdoing it?
I take sea kelp and eat a lot of sea food and seaweed just wondering if too much can cause the thyroid to go in overdrive?
I think girlfriend had anal sex before but she claims she hasn't. Is there a way to find out?
"I think i am anemic, how do you have to get tested and what is the treatment if i do have it?"
"I think i am having memory blackouts, what should i do?"
I think i am much more allergic to mosquitos than most people help!!?
I think i have a mental disorder. but i'm not sure what it is and i'm scared to see a doctor?
I think i have a stye on the inside of my eyelid. What is the best treatment?
I think i have an allergic reaction to the earrings i got when i pierced my ears help please?
I think i have an eye infection. What can i use to help an eye infection?
I think i have an ovarian cyst :/ help?
I think i may have an allergy to penicillin? Are there any alternatives?
I think i may have an anal fissure..what should I do?
"I think i might be depressed, should i go the drs?"
"I think i might be having an allergic reaction to a shot i received, what can I do?"
I think i might have a torn meniscus on my right knee :( do i need to do surgery for that?
I think i might have an allergy but if i go to the hospital to see if i do what would happen?
I think i might have an ingrown toenail. What does one look like?
"I think im anaemic, what will it lead to and the main symptoms?"
"I think i'm getting sick. i'm congested, i have a sore throat, and i have a headache. am i still good to workout?"
I think i've developed an allergy to my cats! Every time i'm around them i start sneezing and my eyes water like crazy. what do i do?
I think my friend is a paranoid schizophrenic and i don't know what to do?
"I think my ingrown toenail is infected, but i'm not sure. How can I tell?"
I thought meningitis was an infection of the layers around the brain. so why do some survivors have their limbs taken off?
I threw up in the toilet and toilet water splashed in my eyes. do i have a chance of getting pink eye or any other infection?
"I took 20 mg ambien, is it safe to take 1mg of klonipin?"
I took 23 aleve yesterday morning nothing happened is that normal?
I took 3 tylenol extra strength and 3 aleve. All at once what will happen. i took them thinkin it would fix my chest pain but than realised they are similar things. why will happen?
I took 4 aleve pills at once and now my stomache feels very upset. did i take too many?
"I took a laxative now my stomach is killing me, is this normal?"
I took aleve and now i have extreme chest pain. helpp!?
"I took amoxicillion for a sinusitis, could it have cleared up my bacterial vaginosis/cervicitis?"
I took claritin-d along with a glass of whey protein. do they interact with each other?
I took miralax. how long does it usually take to kick in?
I took penicillin for a week and amoxicillin right after for teeth im on birth control will i end up pregnant?
"I tried birth control and had an allergic reaction, i am two days late for my period, why?"
"I tried maybe a bump of cocaine i just kinda pressed my finger and sniffed it and thats it, how long will that stay in my system?"
I use aloe but that only seems to help it for a short period of time. i want to have my burn gone. is there anything i could do?
I used aloe and now my cheeks are dark red and my face feels like its burning how do i soothe the pain?
"I used conditioner as anal lube on my self a few times, will i be ok?"
"I used some blistex and now my lips are having a allergic reaction and i have small bumps all over my lips, help?"
I used to abuse alcohol. but have not in two years.anyway i get pins and needles and numbess in the last year. Where is this from?
I used to have a dog when i was 9. and i was allergic so we gave him away. i'm 16 now and is it possible to outgrow the allergy?
I used to have an eating disorder when i stopped purging i started smoking. what is worse?
I used to have eating problems i think im relapsing what do i do ?
"I wake up in the morning with swollen eyes, white mucus discharge and feeling tired during warm weather. What could be the cause?"
I wake up tired after full 10 hours of sleep. What can be the cause of this?
I want to be a vet but i am severely allergic to dogs. Is there a cure for this?
I want to have the most amazing orgasm ever but how? Is there a secret?
I want to know about what is normal flu and what is meant by pneumonia?
I want to know how to get rid of hunger pains without eating. thanks!?
I want to know what causes a anal prolapse and if you have a prolapse can you push it back in?
I want to know what doctors do in allergy tests.?
I want to shave everyday without the irratation?
I want to start eating or drinking aloe vera. does it work?
"I was 12 when i got alopecia, all my hair has grown back and i am now 16. will it come back?"
I was givin ambien i took it last night at so i took a half ambien now at 8:45am is that bad?
I was in the hospital a few weeks ago due to an overdose and they had to keep me in because apparently my heart beat was too fast. Can it happen again soon?
I was just prescribed wellbutrin. anyone have experience with this?
I was just wondering why is it hard to detect dementia on someone with intellectual disability?
I was on laughing gas today and it felt like i died or was dying. Is this a normal sensation?
I was referred to a gi doctor for iron deficiency anemia. what kind of workup can i expect?
I was walking down the stairs last night when i slipped and hit my head on the stairs. Could I have gotten a concussion?
I was wondering how often should i apply aloe vera gel to my sunburn?
I was wondering if a one-off exposure to dust from furniture could cause any damage to your body?
I was wondering if the male was doing illegal steroids during sex would it affect the baby in any way?
"I went to icings to pierce my ears & i think i'm allergic to something that's in the ear care solution, can i use hydrogen peroxide instead?"
I woke up this morning and underneath my left eye is swollen. What should I do?
"I would like to know if dimethylglycine (dmg) is beneficial for vertigo? What are the pros and cons of it, what can it do to help, it is worth it for vertigo treatment?"
"Iam 30 years old, 182 cm, 100k and my test result sgpt (alt) 75.,sgot(ast) 38 so how can i decrease it to norm?"
"I'd like some hints or ways of lasting longer before ""blowing my load"" during oral?"
"Idk what i'm allergic to, my hands turn red and swell up. How can I figure out what it is?"
If 8 to 9 hours of sleep is enough than why am i still tired?
If a child had an eating disorder from the age of 3 to about 16 how could this affect the adult body?
If a man has anal sex with a women with stage 2 herpes will he be infected if it was her first time doing anal?
"If a person with hiv rectal mucous hit another person sore airborn, can that person get hiv?"
"If a person's liver was damaged, would they get sick from just a few alcoholic drinks?"
If a sinus infection is caused by allergies do i still need antibiotics?
"If an antibiotic is suppose to be taken every 12 hours, is it ok to deviate from that as long as you're taking 2 per day?"
If contact lenses correct my lazy eye will lasik?
If i am allergic to peanuts but can eat some tree nuts that i know of can i eat hazelnuts?
"If i ate chicken liver, would i be eating the toxins the chicken had, or is it all cleansed out of the blood or through urine?"
"If i cut out all alcohol use and i cleaned up my eating habits, how much weight could i lose in 2 months?"
If i do 100 sit-ups a day when will i see results?
"If i double my dosage of levothyroxine, would I lose weight?"
"If i eat around 100g of protein, 60g of carbs, and only natural sugar, plus multivitamin pill, will I be able to gain some weight?"
If i eat too many nuts can i become allergic to them?
If i go to donate blood will they test if i have anemia first?
"If i had donated a kidney to my friend over a year ago, would i have been able to have my recent surgery?"
If i have food allergies will anesthesia cause allergic reaction?
"If i have never taken vyvance before, and i don't have add, can there be a bad effect from taking a 40 mg pill?"
"If i have peripheral neuropathy, does that mean i have diabetes?"
If i only eat 900 calories a day for a few weeks and workout every day will i go into starvation mode?
If i only have one kidney am i able to still drink alcohol?
"If i pour carrot juice in my eyes, will it make me see better?"
"If i skip my placebo pills in my birth control, will i not get my period?"
"If i take allergy medication before being exposed to something i'm allergic to, will there be a reaction?"
"If i tell my shrink i purge my food on the times i eat,will she tell my mom?"
If i think i have an ovarian cyst could i just go to hospital. i don't have an obgyn.?
If i took one pill of E (all hypothetical btw) what would be the effects?
If I use water for lube will it break the condom?
"If i'm allergic to chrome-tanned boots, will washing them fix it?"
If i'm allergic to codeine will i be allergic to percocet as well?
"If im allergic to pet rats, would my throat swell up after one night of having them?"
If im allergic to the pertussis vaccine is it safe to get a meningitis vaccine?
"If im an alcoholic and took the depo shot, can i still gain weight?"
If my boyfriend is on 875mg of amoxicillin and cums in me can i get a yeast infection?
"If my eyes are swollen (top and bottom) the majority of the time, what kind of doctor do i need to see?"
If my mom and grandma are allergic to bees does that mean i am too?
If my mom has alopecia does that mean i will get it?
If my mother discontinues advil will her stools still be bloody?
"If my partner & myself have only had sex with each other, can we still get the hpv virus?"
"If my results are negative on a home drug test, does this mean they would be neg. on a test for work?"
"If my twin went under general anesthesia and was fine, will i be fine too?"
If not wearing a condom can you use baby oil gel as a lubricant?
If one has hpv what are the chances it's been transmitted to her partner?
"If someone had alcohol poisoning, what's the medical procedure?"
"If someone had been addicted to cocain for about 15 years, how long is he gonna live?"
"If someone had breast cancer, would amputating it get rid of the cancer?"
If someone is allergic to benzocaine does that mean they are allergic to all chemicals that starts with benz?
"If someone suddenly broke their back, would that at least temporarily immobilize them?"
"If someone took an antihistamine before eating a food they're allergic to, would they be ok ?"
"If someone was starved for 2-3 weeks, what would happen to them?"
If someone were to take 20 aleve at once what would.happen to.them?
If someone who has an underactive thyroid turns anorexic will they still lose weight?
If the foreskin of your penis enters a girls anal holewithout any fluids travelling by can you still contract STDs?
"If the nurse saw my self harm scars and cuts when giving me an injection at the doctors, what would happen?"
If there was any way i can start to get rid of my fruit allergies naturally?
If there's something wrong with me if i hate every single alcoholic drink?
If you allergic to rats are you allergic to short tailed possums too?
If you don't do anything about having a fatty liver will you eventually need an organ transplant?
If you eat too much ice does it mean there is something wrong with you?
"If you get pimples in random places, can it be a sign of diabetes?"
If you had twice as much amniotic fluid when you were pregnant can you loose it all?
"If you have a cyst on the inside of the skin, how would it be removed?"
If you have a fatty liver does that mean that your liver is going into organ failure?
"If you have amnesia, you will forget your parent, your friends, your wife, etcdo you forget how to use spanish when you are amnesia?"
If you have anemia can it go away?
If you have elevated liver enzymes will that make excess bile?
If you have liver disease what type of hepatitis would you have?
If you have meningitis do you always have your limbs amputated?
If you have once been addicted to alc or cannabis is it possible to stop abusing it and use it only sometimes or would u start abusing it again?
If you never get your period in your life do you still get discharge?
"If your a severe alcoholic, why if you quit would you lose your sex drive?"
If your abs get bigger amd stronger does your chest grow too?
"If you're allergic to horses, can you use makeup brushes made of their hair?"
"If you're under medication, are you really not allowed to drink alcoholic drinks?"
I'm 12 weeks pregnant. i have a sinus infection and it made me lose my taste and smell. how can i get better quick and get my senses back?
Im 16 and 66 pounds ive been anorexic for awile i eat 200 calories every day then run it off and i drink lots of water can this kill me?
Im 17 and i have been feeling especially tired for the past 8 months. What is this?
I'm 18 years old have very bad mouth problem please help?
Im 18 yrs old.its almost been more than a month that i havent had my periods.is this leading to anemia or wat?
Im 19 and still suck my thumb am i normal?
Im 26 weeks pregnant with second baby. what kind of things can i eat?
I'm 3 years sober as an alcoholic and my girlfriend likes to drink. How do I avoid going back?
I'm 5'1ft and 85lbs. bmi is around 16.1. is that too fat to be diagnosed with an eating disorder?
Im 8 months pregnant and want to go to the dentist. is it safe for to put me to sleep during the surgery?
"I'm a 16 year old girl, 5ft 4, i weigh 8 stone. i have an eating disorder, if that makes any difference. What should I do?"
"I'm a late bloomer. also, i'm suffering from anaemia. what will be the effects of this disease on me?"
"Im a virgin, and i have these white things around the head of my penis? They have always been there, but after studying stds in school they now concern me. being a virgin it couldn't possibly be and std, right?"
I'm about to go into surgery in the next 4 hours. but i just ate 1/2 of a sandwich. i will be put under anesthesia. will i be ok?
I'm afraid of relapsing anorexia help me please?
Im alergic to the outdoors can i open the windows? So its important to open the windows sometimes how can i do that?
"Im allergic to almost all fruits, what can i eat to make up for them?"
"I'm allergic to aloe, what else can i use to relieve a bad sunburn?"
Im allergic to avocado what should i do!?
"I'm allergic to eggs, peanuts, shrimp, and milk. what can i eat?"
Im allergic to surgical steel what type of jewelry can i use?
Im allergic to white potatoes but not sweet potatoes. why?
"I'm almost 16 and every time i wipe after pooping, there is little red on the paper. Why does this happen?"
Im asking for philosophical reasons. i know you can't feel pain on it but you can feel touch. can you feel heat or cold?
I'm breaking out in a rash all over. is it normal to get an allergic reaction 8-10 days later?
I'm concerned that i may have pseudologia fantastica. What should I do?
Im considering donating but i don't have a high pain tolorence. do they fully sedate you when they take bone marrow?
"I'm constantly tired, physically and mentally. What could be the problem?"
I'm constipated and drinking water makes me feel nauseous. What could I do?
Im constipated and took a laxative. will exercising help move my bowel movements?
I'm dealing with bad allergies and i'm having a panic attack. is it ok to take both?
I'm due to under go a urethral calibration plus rigid cystoscopy! what is this and will i be awake during the procedure?
I'm feeling suicidal because of baldness! help!?
"I'm freaking out over general anaesthesia if they operate me for a broken ankle, will I still be able to feel it?"
Im getting 2 of my wisdom teeth surgically removed. What can I expect after the operation?
"I'm getting cavities filled, getting an iv sedation. is this really necessary?"
I'm getting iv sedation for wisdom teeth. Will I be okay?
I'm getting my bottom wisdom teeth out. should i get my uppers out as well?
"I'm getting my wisdom teeth out in about a week, and i was wondering if it's more dangerous if you have an iron deficiency?"
"I'm getting my wisdom teeth out in two weeks, what can I do to take care of them?"
"I'm getting my wisdom teeth out today & in 3 days i have a school final, will i feel okay to go?"
I'm getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow. i'm wondering what foods i am going to be able to eat for the next few days?
I'm getting scratch tested for nut allergies tomorrow and i'm really freaked out. is it very painful?
Im going out for my birthday tonight but im ill and have a sore throat. can i take a couple of paracetamol before i go out?
Im having a hard time sleeping from shock. Do you have any advice?
"I'm having four molar teeth taken out tomorrow, how long does it hurt for?"
Im having short sharp pains deep inside my lower left abdomen and im only 17. can anyone tell me whats wrong?
I'm having surgery to remove a mass from my breast. what kind of anesthesia will i have?
"I'm having white discharge instead of period, what could be wrong?"
"I'm having wisdom teeth removed in the morning i used snuff last night, can this affect the surgery , post surgery advice?"
"I'm just curious. i'd like to know if starving yourself, or skipping meals really works.. and how?"
I'm just getting out of a year long program for alcohol. any suggestions on how to deal with family that still uses?
"I'm looking for information regarding mcv, ggt, amylase, ast, alp and alt levels in blood. Where can I find this?"
Im not allergic to fish but my partner fishes regular since ive noticed when he does i come out in pimples. Or could it be something else?
"I'm not allergic to globes or balloons, is it possible to be allergic to condoms?"
I'm not pregnant but i haven't had my period in over four months. Is this bad?
I'm on day two of taking 75 mg wellbutrin and i feel much better. is this normal?
Im on the depo shot and i dont want to gain weight. How do I prevent this?
"I'm pregnant, i have a sinus infection and i can't taste or smell anything. What should I do?"
I'm prescribed with vyvanse(20mg) and its too much for me. What should I do?
I'm pretty sure i have a eating disorder . what should i do?
"I'm pretty sure i'm allergic to avocado, but i don't care because I love eating it. Would my body crave something i'm allergic to?"
"I'm quitting drinking, smoking, and weed. what can i do to make life feel not so boring during that time?"
I'm really depressed and i don't think i can handle it anymore. Where can I get help?
I'm really nervous about the dentist tomorrow. any suggestions to calm me down?
"Im really scared of having my wisdom teeth taken out, help?"
I'm scared that having my severely impacted wisdoom teeth out will kill me :( can anybody relate or share?
I'm scared that my liver can fail. How do I prevent this and keep t healthy?
"Im scared to go to the doctor about an ingrown toenail, what do i do?"
Im semi bald and got my whole head sunburned theirs a ton of bilters leaking all over my head. What do I do?
Im seven weeks pp and it feels like its scratching me when i go and theres normally blood. is this normal for this to happen pp?
I'm seventeen and i'm getting amnesia. How do I treat this?
Im showing a lot of the classic signs of diabetes. is it dangerous to ignore it and not go to the doctors?
I'm so bloated i look like i'm 4 months pregnant. What do you suggest?
Im so depressed i just want to down some nyquil and wake up and feel better. how to get rid of this temptation?
I'm still sick two days after drinking. Would i get alcohol poisening?
Im suffering with derealisation any tips with how to quickly get over it or make the effects calm down?
I'm takin valtrex for herpes and i broke out really bad so i stop takin them what will make it better?
"I'm taking alesse 28 and my period started 11 days early, is this normal?"
I'm taking amoxicillin for the second time in a year - will it be efficient?
"I'm taking crazy lots of sleep medications, but still can't sleep. any ideas?"
"I'm thinking of trying anal sex, but i don't know how sore it gets.?"
I'm too lazy to eat and i just get really uncontrollably guilty and i don't want to have ana again. what should i do?
"I'm trying to lose weight by eating healthier and doing more exercise. suggestions on yummy but healthy, low cal things to eat?"
Im trying to recover from anorexia but i feel like its getting worse is that normal?
"I'm turning into an alcoholic, what should I do?"
I'm very pale and i fell asleep at my friends house in the sun. i can't raise my hand alot and i can barley move. how should i sleep?
Im very scared!!! ive just noticed theres mold in my room !! will i die?
I'm wide awake and i should be sleeping. help!!!?
I'm worried as i've had alot of anesthesia over the past month to do fillings in my mouth. Will there be any negative effects?
"Immune system of a person with hiv/aids could have allergy relief. is it true, or was my speculation way off?"
"In an unfamiliar state, 20 yrs old by myself, coming from an abusive home life. what should i do next?"
"In recovery from an eating disorder and have to gain 7lbs, before i had an eating disorder. How to gain this weight?"
"In the event of a laceration, do you tie something above or below the cut to stop the bleeding?"
In the mirror there was a white stringy thing on my eye do you think it's an eye infection or allergies ?
"In your opinion, do you think everyone should go to the doctor if they have a minor allergic reaction?"
Ingrown toenail removal - what can I take for post surgery pain!?
Inside of lower back sides hurt when my boyfriend goes deep during sexual intercourse. Why does this happen?
Irritated eyes kept secreting slimy liquid. Is this serious?
Irritation when i'm sneezing and having to blow my nose due to allergies. i wonder if i should just leave it be and hope it goes down?
Is $1400 ok for amalgam replacement with porcelain?
Is 10 days on ativan too much?
Is 3 days off long enough for wisdom teeth removal?
Is 325mg of ferrous sulfate a lot to be prescribed?
Is 448 calories a lot to eat little and often?
Is 70g saturated fat per day a health risk?
Is 8.5 mg/dl total bili normal for a 7 weeks old?
Is a 38 day cycle normal or something to be worried about?
Is a bmi of 16.1 15% underweight?
Is a burst blood vessel in the throat bad?
Is a clear fluid from the anus a symptom of anal gonorrhea?
Is a hiv 4th generation test conclusive after 51 weeks?
Is a 'pustard' the correct term to use for the combination of hives and blisters on my arm?
Is a Tonsillectomy the only way to get rid of infected tonsils?
Is a weeklong binge drinking going to cause long term effects?
Is a whooshing noise in my ear linked to anemia/iron?
Is acne a result of emotion?
Is advil cold &sinus good for allegies?
Is alcoholic's anonymous and the twelve step program the same thing?
Is alcoholism really an incurable disease?
Is alcoholism used as a stimulant?
Is aloe vera aftersun gel okay to use on acne?
Is aloe vera good for acne-related redness?
Is alopecia universalis curable?
Is alternative medicine based on science?
Is alzheimers a sex-linked gene?
Is alzheimers considered a form of mental health?
Is alzheimers disease a normal part of aging?
Is amoxicillin good for pink eye?
Is amoxicillin good to use for ringworm ?
Is amyloidosis a form of cancer?
Is an acquired allergy a lifelong problem?
Is an anal wart a symptom of anal gonorrhea?
Is an ovarian cyst that is 4.4 by 4.5cm considered big?
Is anal mucous normal or not?
Is anal sex bad for health?
Is anasthesia instant?
Is anemia a fatal condition if not treated properly?
Is anemia detected in my annual blood test?
Is asteroid just an anabolic steroid?
Is being allergic to milk and fish bad?
Is being under general anesthesia peaceful?
Is cancer an autoimmune disease?
Is chemotherapy or radiation therapy more commonly used to treat childhood leukaemia?
Is chloroform a kind of chemcial to put a person to sleep?
Is circumsision on a two year old ok?
Is citalopram and dental treatment safe together?
Is clonamox 250mg caps amoxicillin good for ammonia?
Is cocoa butter good for eczema?
Is coconut oil good for alzheimer's disease?
Is codeine good for pain relief?
Is constipation treatable?
Is creatine really that helpful?
Is cymbalta okay to have for a very fit and healthy 25 yr old woman?
Is dramatic weight change very harmful on the health of a young grl?
Is drinking a bottle between two people cause for concern?
Is eating too many fruit and vegetables bad on a diet?
Is ecstasy as addictive as crystal meth?
Is esr high due to oestoeprosis?
Is every brought to the hospital for alcohol poisoning?
Is exercising 3/4 times a week enough or should i try to do it more often?
Is exostosis the same as an ingrown nail?
Is extra neutral alcohol used in the pharmaceutical industries ?
Is fleet natural enema's the only non-medicated enema on the market?
Is fruit ok when you have gestational diabetes?
Is gastroparesis a possible underlying cause of pots?
Is gene therapy a permanent cure for sickle cell anemia?
Is general anesthesia used for bunion surgery?
Is getting tired easily a sign of age or stress etc?
Is gluten intolerance a fad or are people getting worse?
Is going on a road trip 1 day after my wisdom teeth extraction. is this a bad idea?
Is gun oil safe to use for anal sex for both partners?
"Is hard, but i don't believe it is as hard as alcoholism and drug addiction?"
Is having orange oily stools (steatorrhea) serious?
Is having sex in a lake bad?
Is hpv the warts you get on your hands or feet?
Is hpv what you get on your feet when you have a wart?
Is hydroxicut the best weight lost pill? Does it have any side effects?
Is hyper fuel 9x safe and effective?
Is hypoglycemia a typical reaction to tooth extraction?
Is intercourse safe if we have already had oral sex?
Is it a good idea to stay up for 24 hours or more to try to cure my insomnia?
Is it a good idea to treat tooth decay at home?
Is it actually even possible to get rid of depression?
Is it bad if you put aloe vera on a sunburn and it stings?
Is it bad that i can see my hips and rib bones?
Is it bad that i drink a lot during weekends?
Is it bad that i eat non stop and dont gain any weight?
Is it bad that i get sick every time i eat?
Is it bad to blow your nose with leaves?
Is it bad to cut a pill in half? It's called amoxicillin. if it isn't how do you cut it?
Is it bad to eat certain fruits and vegetables if i'm mildly allergic to them?
Is it bad to force yourself to poop?
Is it bad to have a slightly elevated s.g.p.t?
Is it bad to take an allergy pill if you don't have allergies?
Is it bad to take painkiller everyday?
Is it bad to use tap water for contacts?
Is it better in terms of health to be taking 4mg of alprazolam each day rather then a pack of cigarets ?
"Is it better to be happy and then die prematurely, or live for many years but depressed/in pain?"
Is it better to squat to go to the bathroom?
Is it common to gain weight a week before your period?
Is it dangerous for me to use my hand that has carpal tunnel?
Is it dangerous to exercise if you are anemic?
Is it dangerous to have low blood pressure from a spinal block?
Is it difficult having sex with an uncircumcised penis and masturbation problem?
Is it hard to detect dementia on someone with intellectual disability?
Is it harmful for me to take claritin with hepatitis b?
Is it my fault my dad is on a ventilator?
Is it necessary to inherit nose and chest allergies?
Is it normal for lips to swell during second week of having braces?
Is it normal for my bones to pop/crack while working out?
Is it normal for my vagina to be swollen on the inside during my period?
Is it normal not to be able to have sex?
Is it normal that my fat became more jiggly once i started a lactose and gluten free diet?
Is it normal to be hungry after getting over being sick?
Is it normal to be in pain after an mri?
Is it normal to feel guilty for sharing dad's dementia symptoms with doctors?
Is it normal to feel really tired a week after donating blood?
Is it normal to feel so weak during your period?
Is it normal to get boners when you poop?
Is it normal to get hot flushes after a laporoscopy?
Is it normal to get the runs when you're starving?
Is it normal to go through a super plus tampon in 4hrs?
Is it normal to have a swollen labia/clit while on the pill?
Is it normal to have blood in poo after anal sex? What is the risk of hiv in this type of gay activity?
Is it normal to have chicken pox for 4 weeks?
Is it normal to have hiccups everyday ?
Is it normal to have stabbing or shooting headaches in the right temple area?
Is it normal to have this numbness after my wisdom teeth are removed?
Is it normal to have tunnel vision when waking up from anesthesia?
Is it normal to lose sanity in the dark?
Is it normal to masturbate around 5-6 times a week?
Is it normal to skip a period after surgery?
"Is it normal to vomit twice 24 hours after a head injury, amnesia and concussion?"
Is it normal when they give someone a vasectomy that they also cut the penis off?
Is it not healthy to put aloe vera on when your skin is dry?
"Is it ok for a 14mths to wake up coughing and try to bring up phlegm,for almost 4 weeks now?"
Is it ok to eat 75% fat on the atkins diet?
Is it ok to eat spicy foods with a underactive thyroid?
Is it ok to leave the aloe vera gel on the scalp for over a night?
Is it ok to take keftin 500mg if allergic to bactim?
Is it okay for me to take benadryl every 3 days?
Is it okay if i put lubriderm lotion on my sunburn?
"Is it okay to ""push"" when going to the bathroom? I've heard people say that you're not supposed to do that, but is that true?"
Is it okay to do pull ups while sore?
Is it okay to drink alcohol the day before a wisdom teeth extraction?
Is it okay to eat five guys burgers with a moderate peanut allergy?
Is it okay to get your wisdom teeth out if you suspect you have an iron deficiency?
Is it okay to have a really strong urge to kill yourself even if you're not gonna do it?
"Is it okay to take 10,000 mg biotin daily with celebrax and savella?"
Is it okay to take ambien and one benadryl the same time?
Is it okay to take amitriptyline in the morning?
Is it okay to take claritin and benadryl within 12 hours?
Is it okay to use hyaluronic acid and alpha lipoic acid supplements?
Is it okay to work out the same day of my wisdom teeth surgery day?
Is it okay to workout the morning of my surgery?
Is it possible cigarette smoke is making my eyes dry and itchy?
Is it possible for a nickel allergy to go away?
Is it possible for an allergy to get worse by eating the food you're allergic to?
"Is it possible for me to have emphysema at age 17, with 1.5 pack-years smoking(more or less)?"
Is it possible for my future kids to have depression if i harm myself as a teenager?
Is it possible for obese people to lose weight successfully without surgery?
Is it possible for people's heart to get smaller and stop beating?
Is it possible for someone to go to an alcohol treatment center more than once before it works?
Is it possible for weed and alcohol to affect a males sex drive?
Is it possible for your lungs to itch when you have seasonal allergies?
Is it possible my skin is having an allergic reaction to bioplastic?
Is it possible seasonal allergies can occur even when you're not outside?
Is it possible that a woman can be allergic to breathing farts?
Is it possible that i could have inherited an auto immune disease from my family?
"Is it possible to be allergic to a food sometimes and other times, not?"
Is it possible to be allergic to body wash?
Is it possible to be allergic to deodorant ?
Is it possible to be allergic to emotion?
Is it possible to be allergic to movie theatre/cinema popcorn?
Is it possible to be allergic to only one type of dog?
Is it possible to be allergic to some kind of food and not know it?
Is it possible to be allergic to something for a while and then not be allergic?
Is it possible to be allergic to weed?
Is it possible to be an alcoholic without ever having gotten drunk?
Is it possible to be depressed and have an eating disorder with out knowing?
Is it possible to be happy despite several chronic health problems?
Is it possible to be stitched to tight after giving birth?
Is it possible to contract an std from anal sex when both partners have never engaged in any sexual activities?
Is it possible to develop allergies after having an appendectomy?
Is it possible to die after consuming more than 1 mega monster?
Is it possible to fully recover from anorexia nervosa?
Is it possible to get a fever from spring allergies?
"Is it possible to get all over body itching from liver problems, but have no signs of jaundice, and bilirubin within normal ranges?"
Is it possible to get over the counter local anaesthetic?
Is it possible to get ringworm from soil or mulch?
Is it possible to get std's if you have anal sex?
Is it possible to give myself amnesia?
Is it possible to have a bowel movement during anal penetration? I'd like to try it with my partner but i'm worried something like this can happen. any tips or advice?
Is it possible to have a cholecystectomy done under local anesthesia?
Is it possible to have a staph infection from cracked bone?
Is it possible to have an allergic reaction to polyester in only one small spot?
Is it possible to have too much hpv in your system?
Is it possible to just have your lower leg numbed during knee arthroscopy?
Is it possible to lose 20 pounds in 3 months?
Is it possible to lose weight on birth control?
Is it possible to lose weight on steroids?
Is it possible to not grow as tall because you have an eating disorder?
Is it possible to outgrow a latex allergy?
Is it possible to prevent a sudden brain aneurysm?
Is it possible to relapse in al-anon?
Is it possible to relapse while recovering from the affects of alcoholism?
Is it possible to sprain a butt muscle?
Is it possible to stop being allergic to something?
Is it possible to suddenly get an alergic reation to penicillin?
Is it possible to take two paracetamol 500g with two co-codamol 500g and one mefenamic acid 500g?
Is it possible to treat an autoimmune disease with hiv?
Is it really politically correct for one to say they are allergic to gluten?
Is it really that important to count calories?
Is it safe for a 14 year old to take amoxicillin( 500 mg) ?
Is it safe for the one wearing the condom and the one being penetrated?
Is it safe to be mixing hydrocodone 500mg and alprazolam 1mg?
Is it safe to drink four alcoholic energy drinks in a row ?
Is it safe to drink wine after wisdom teeth removal?
Is it safe to have protected sex with an hiv positive person?
Is it safe to remove my wisdom tooth when it's still infected?
Is it safe to ride amusement park rides when going through a withdraw?
Is it safe to stretch ear lobes with a metal object?
"Is it safe to take allegra 180mg and citirizine 10mg, 1 tab each daily, for a longer period of time?"
Is it safe to take antibiotics for more than a week?
Is it safe to take birth control a week late after my period?
Is it safe to take molly after 1 day of taking amoxicillin (875 mg)?
Is it safe to take one aleve pill and one zoloft pill at the same time?
Is it safe to use a stool softener everyday?
Is it safe to use calmoseptine?
Is it safe to use vaseline aloe vera lip therapy for anal masturbation ?
Is it safe to use zolpidem (the off brand ambien) after just having taken dayquil?
Is it safe to wear eye contacts every single day all day long?
Is it strange that i want anorexia and/or bulimia?
Is it strange to want friends who have mental disorders just so you can help someone close to you?
Is it true some men can not grow pubic hairs?
Is it true that alcohol exacerbates allergies?
Is it true that none of the mentall illnesses are curable?
Is it true that olive oil saturated fats are natural fats therefore healthy ones?
Is it true that there are no health benefits to inhaling anything into the lungs except air?
Is it true that you can get sun allergies?
Is it true there is a link between stess and developing allergies?
Is it true you can develop new allergies if I move permanently from a warm climate to a cold one?
Is it unhealthy to get most of your calories from alcohol?
Is it valid for someone to say they had an eating disorder if they only were throwing up for two months?
"Is it weird that i am allergic to cats and bunnies, but not dogs?"
Is it weird that i like touching my boobs?
Is it weird that i wanna chew on my own ear?
Is it weird to eat paper?
Is itchiness a side effect of birth control?
Is johnson baby powder safe for psoriasis?
Is kidney disease treatable?
Is losing 10 lbs in 40 days considered rapid weight loss?
Is lupus a primary immune deficiency?
Is meloxicam a narcotic?
Is mental illness a myth?
Is mental retardation an illness?
Is mindfulness meditation a good stress management practice?
Is minor face swelling 3 days after root canal normal?
Is missing a period or being late after taking antibiotics normal?
Is my daughter likely to have dangerous food allergies if her dad does?
Is my depression getting out of hand?
Is my immune system fighting a cold or something?
Is my resting heart rate of 47 bpm weird?
Is my schizophrenic step aunt dangerous to be around?
Is my sniffling just a habit or could it be something more?
Is naphthalene ball smell is harmful to human?
Is nasal allergy or nasal rhinitis has connection to a food allergy?
Is neosporin ok on peeling skin?
Is nitrous oxide enough for dental surgery?
Is not being able to eat out in public considered an eating disorder?
Is one 500 mg amoxicillin pill enough to have any negative effect?
Is over sleeping and fatigue a symptom of something?
Is oxycodone stronger than hydrocodone?
Is paxil really that bad?
Is peripheral neuropathy related to diabetes?
Is plan b safe with amoxycillin and potassium?
Is pollen worse on a calm morning or a windy afternoon?
Is post pill amenorrhea something to worry about ?
Is recovery from bulimia possible when you are fast approaching middle age?
Is sedation for wisdom tooth extraction cancerous?
Is sickle-cell anemia and malaria a virus or a bacteria spread disease?
Is slimquick a good choise?
Is swelling around a puncture wound normal?
Is taking allergy medicine every day harmful?
Is taking an ambien and a half in less than 24 hours bad?
"Is the ""phenomenon of craving"" experienced by alcoholics simply hypoglycemia (low blood sugar)?"
Is the discoloration of teeth caused by amalgam fillings permanent?
Is the iud a good idea to go on for birth control?
Is the laughing gas you get at the dentist dangerous?
Is the person awake when being fed through a tube through their stomach when they have a eating disorder?
Is the pro muscle complex actually completely safe?
Is the scale used at a doctor's office really more accurate?
is the skin between gap teeth removeable?
"Is there a common ingredient between carrots, avocados and tomatoes that is allergenic?"
Is there a correlation between paranoia and not eating enough?
Is there a cure for alopecia?
"Is there a cure for sadism, or is it hardwired like homosexuality?"
Is there a dentist close (i live in voorhees nj) that does sedation with medicaid?
Is there a disease that causes rapid brain deterioration?
Is there a drug that makes an acholic sick if they take it?
Is there a genetic disorder where people have no body hair?
"Is there a health illness or disease where the body can't handle consuming fats (mono, poly and saturated)?"
Is there a higher risk of having a mental illness?
Is there a link between outside pollen and foods we eat?
Is there a permanent cure for skin asthma?
Is there a pill that can make you drunk?
Is there a relation between anesthesia and hyperventilation?
Is there a special name for cat allergy?
Is there a test you can get which can tell you if you are allergic to anything?
Is there a way to counteract the drowsiness you get with benadryl?
Is there a way to cure or help tonsillitis?
Is there a way to drain pus from an infected toe?
Is there a way to get rid of hpv forever?
Is there a way to get rid of pollen allergies for good?
Is there a way to help a child who has an atrophy of the white matter?
Is there a way to know if you'll become an alcoholic?
Is there a way to only gain weight in certain areas but not others?
Is there a way to slow down your metabolism?
Is there a way you could increase sperm count?
Is there allergy medicine for me to help me be around animals?
Is there aloe vera lotion that isn't for after sun use?
Is there an alternative to cortisone shot?
"Is there an effective, simple, and cheap-esque way to get rid of genital warts in overly sensitive areas?"
Is there an energy drink or something that doesn't rely on caffeine?
Is there an over the counter drug or nutrition bar that can help with extreme weight gain?
Is there any allergy relief medicine in liquid form because i can't take pills?
Is there any alternative medicine for hernia?
Is there any cholesterol medication for those with chronic liver disease?
Is there any codeine free pain relief for arthritis?
Is there any cure for congenital glaucoma by birth?
Is there any eating disorder where you feel so happy and excited that you don't feel hungry at all?
Is there any negative side effects of taking lipotropic injections?
Is there any pain during twilight sedation?
Is there any place who do full anesthesia for dental treatments?
Is there any point in getting professional help to prevent eds?
Is there any products that keep people with alzheimer's occupied?
Is there any side effects of alcohol against protein powder?
Is there any treatment for a nut allergy?
Is there any treatment for stuffed colon?
Is there any treatment or medicine on last stage of alzimer disease?
Is there any type of pill that you can take to make you metabolism slow down ?
Is there any way for a woman to stop or lighten or period for a few hours?
Is there any way i can treat my sunburn besides using aloe vera?
Is there any way to block allergies?
Is there any way to contact a reliable medical research facility?
Is there any way to get special patterns in your eyes without contacts or surgery?
Is there any way to repair stomach lining damage from alcohol?
Is there anything i can take everyday for constipation daily?
Is there anything to numb a area of skin for blood test?
Is there anything you can do when you believe that you have brain damage?
Is there anyway to get rid of my sunburn fast?
Is there anyway to help my itchiness before bed?
Is there like a medical term for the condition when u hav a cold and you find very uncomfortable swallowing?
Is there really such thing as 'starvation mode'?
"Is there rehab for anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts?"
Is there such a thing as alcohol-induced schizophrenia?
Is there such a thing as mild alcoholism?
Is there such thing as a fat transfer breast augmentation?
Is there such thing as an online counselor?
"Is this true, if men masturbate a lot it would cause their testicles to shrink?"
Is ultra low dose birth control less effective?
Is unbearable period pain normal?
Is upper endoscopy while awake bearable?
Is uterine fibroid surgery serious ?
Is vaseline/ aloe lotion bad for tattoos?
Is vitamin e a good one to take?
Is xanax impotence temporary?
Is zoloft a total libido killer?
It feels like my right ovary is hurting i can feel it near my belly button all the way to my pubic hairs. What is wrong?
"It hurts too much, can I try apple cider vinegar on genital warts (female)?"
It possible to relapse while recovering from the affects of alcoholism?
Itchy watery eyes after eating power bars or protein shakes?
It's aloe vera gel (whole leaf) and it tastes sour! is it normal?
"It's dry from the side of my left cheek, around my nose and on my chin. i put lotion on it but my skin starts to burn really bad. what can i do?"
Its my allergy year and allergy pills arent helping my itchy eyes! What can I do?
Iv been on dosulepin for over 13 years.. how can i get off them ?
"I've bad bronchitis 3 times in the past 6 months, is this just bad luck or is it possible i'm suffering from an immune deficiency disorder?"
"Ive been addicted to xanax for about 3 years, illegally. will mhmr help me get off them?"
I've been eating fast food and soda forever and i've gotten really fat and sluggish how can i eat healthy?
Ive been having alot of low grade fevers lately for more than a month and headaches?
Ive been on celexa for a week and want to stop taking it.. please help?
Ive been restricting (around 300-400 calories a day) Does this count as anorexia?
I've been taking benadryl for allergies. it makes me tired. will this go away with time?
I've been taking this drug as needed for anxiety for about a year now and it doesn't seem to help anymore. is that possible?
"I've been told i need root canal treatment, can someone answer a couple brief questions on it?"
"Ive blown my nose all morning, and its so bad i have to breathe out of my mouth and now my mouth's all dry, how to get rid of it?"
"I've burnt my thumb on straighteners, Is there a cure?"
"I've decided to get circumcised no matter, how painful is it even with anesthesia?"
"I've got a sore throat after surgery, any help soothing it?"
"I've got rashes on my body for no reason, and it is so itchy!! Help?"
Ive had 2 surgeries and get very sick from anesthesia?
"I've had a headache for almost an year now, what can I do?"
I've had a lump behind my neck for just under a year now. can it be cancer?
I've had an allergic reaction what should i do?
Ive had anal pinworms for a while now they usually go away on their the presence of vaginal worms differ from that of anal worms?
"Ive had bumps in labia for over three months now. doesnt hurt, but anal area burns. is this herpes or sound more like hpv?"
I've had cramps for 2 months and am leaking clear amniotic fluid. Is this normal?
"I've had left ear pain for approx. 3 months now, what could be causing it?"
"I've had no problems with vicodin, so would i be allergic to percocet?"
"I've had the shakes, been sweating and anxious and depressed, i feel really ill, what is this?"
I've had this huge lump/bubble on my lip for many years now. What could this be?
Ive had unsafe sex with 4 different woman in my life what do u think are the odds i have the virus on me?
"I've managed to get cactus spines stuck in a rather sensitive area, what can i do to remove them?"
Ive never been stung but my mom and her mom are both deathly allergic to bees does that mean i probably will be too?
"I've never had a drink, is it possible to still be an alcoholic?"
I've never had an endoscopy before. is it okay if you're on your period?
I've never had anal sex before and am worried about the pain. Is it really going to hurt?
"I've never had sex without a condom, but i'm still scared to death of hiv. How to overcome this fear?"
I've not been able to hold urine for more than 30 minutes. What could I do?
I've only heard of appetite suppressants and a fat blocker being approved by the fda. is there ever going to be a carb blocker that is?
Job burn out coping tips?
Jogging: any tips to help me start jogging. I need to lose like 15 pounds?
Just for curiosity how fast can you get diabetes?
Just noticed a stitch is still there after my operation 21 months ago. Should I pull it out?
Just quit drinking. how do i know if my withdrawals are life threatening or just annoying?
"Just started on oral contraceptives and been experiencing some side effects, are these normal?"
Just started taking birth control and am breaking out. How do I stop this?
Kidney and renal infection in children between 6-13 yrs of age. What are the symptoms?
"Knee pains in a 17 year old, is it still just growing pains?"
"Labial cyst, what do i do?"
Last week my father had a bad allergic reaction and he doesn't know to what?
"Last year feb. i tested my blood and found my total colesterol was 301, hdl 44 ,triglycerides 253,ldl 205. When should I test again?"
Left ear slightly clogged and crackles when i open mouth. What could be the problem?
List of after-effects of strangulation or choking?
Listen to doctor or pharmacy antibiotic dosage instructions?
Long term effects of amlodipine?
Long-time alcoholic says he can't urinate or defecate. Does it really get that bad?
Looking for treatment of cystitis (e. coli infection)?
Loratadine isn't working what should i do?
Loss of erection when trying anal sex for the first time. Is this normal?
Lost antibiotic prescription form-- what can i do?
Lower back pain now my legs amd arms are falling asleep all the time. What could be wrong?
"Lump on anus, is it an std or a hemorrhoid?"
Male: I have an uncontrolled pause at beginning of urination. What causes this?
May i continue drinking i feel better when i am drunk otherwise i feel much fear really i am crying of this?
May i know the treatment for intertrigo?
May i request to get a mole removal done through excision without anesthesia?
"Me and my boyfriend had a fight, and now i feel like cutting. how do i stop these urges?"
"Medical/physical symptoms of ana, but mentally and behavior-wise, i have almost every symptom. do i have an eating disorder?"
Memory of being raped or molested as a little girl. I can't seem to remember everything though what do I do?
Men - what can i do to alter/improve things with my fiance?
Men baldness - natural ways to improve?
Metal (amalgam) filling fell out while flossing- tooth is black behind it. Should it be like that?
Might have a testicle torsion! can i still ejaculate?
Mild rash from eating mushrooms. What could it be?
Mildly itchy vagina and grey discharge. What's this sound like?
Mind feels like its working against me. What can I do about this?
"Missed a week of the pill, what to do?"
"Missed period for three months, help what should I do?"
"Morphine, coumadin, heparin, insulin, which one is given intramuscular and which subcutaneous?"
Mothers what would you do in this situation?
Mouth in pain everyday from having to wear rubberbands 24/7 with braces. Help?
Multiple bowel movements with a sense of incomplete evacuation. Is this a serious problem? What do I do?
Muscle pain but no joint pain and I have a high wbc count. Is there anyting I can do to get better?
My 3 year old needs to be circumcised- any advice on looking after him after the operation?
My 6 year old son was proscribed 5 ml of amoxicillin for an ear infection. does this dosage seem correct for his age?
"My 64 yr old father, recently diagnosed with wernike korsakuff syndrome, too late for thiamine?"
My 8 month old was on amoxicillin for a week then cefadnir for 2 weeks after that. for how long is it normal for him to have loose bowels?
My 9 years old daughters hairs are getting removed forming patches . what treatment should be taken?
My alcoholic bf won't stop drinking while i'm trying to adapt to a healthier lifestyle. help?
My alergys are completely out of control my nose is stuffed to the point where i cant blow it out. What do I do?
My alergys are out of control i have been dealing with this my whole life please help?
My allergies are driving me to drink! What do I do?
"My allergies are really working on me, can i take two zyrtec when one doesnt work?"
My alt sgpt is 30 and ast sgot is 19. what does it mean?
"My amoxicillin 500mg prescription is saying to take two capsules by mouth now, then take 1 Capsule by mouth 4 times a day until gone. ok so for the first time, wouldn't taking 2 be bad?"
My ana test came back 1:320 . it was lower last time. it has kept rising. should i be worried?
My anatomical exit is stuck; i am not able to get the turds out! should i see a doctor or i can manage myself?
My ast was 695 and my alt was 560 - when my liver enzyme reading what could cause this?
"My best friend is an alcoholic, i'm scared he's gonna die. What should I do to stop this?"
My bestfriend has an eating disorder. how do i help her?
"My bf had an unprotected anal sex.. he pulled out earlier stomach and abdominal pain after anal sex, could it be a sign of pregnancy?"
"My bf is having allergic reactions, what should i do to help?"
My bf is hiv positive but undetectable and so far he only has done oral sex to me can i still get infected?
My big toe is leaking fluid! Should I go to the ER?
My blood sugar level is high like 150 something and i am also suspecting anemia so can the two drugs be taken at the same time?
My bottom wisdom teeth are impacted and are near a major nerve. What is the best course of action?
"My boyfriend claims that after using a condom,he finds a rash around his penis, claiming for it to be uncomfortable,and irritating?"
"My boyfriend has erectile dysfunction, how do i get him to see a doctor?"
My boyfriend is allergic to sweet things like candy. Is this normal?
"My boyfriend is on methadone, and he's been acting abnormal. Will he act this way forever?"
My boyfriend rubbed his penis against my *** but didn't penetrate. could i have hiv?
My boyfriend won't get a job and i think it's anxiety. how can i help?
My breast skin gets dry very soon. It gets ichy and dry near nipple area.. it happens to me usually.. i have started applying moisterizer on it.. but i feel scary is it breast cancer?
My breath right strip fell off cause i sweat. can i put another one on?
My brother shot a nerf bullet in my eye and now it's red an irritated. What can I do?
My brother sprayed like a crapload of axe body spray deodorant crap and i think i got sick from it. Is this possible?
My bun/creatine ratio is 27.3 is that considered bad?
"My butt hole bleeds after i poop, could this be an infection?"
My cheeks are really red and dry. They've gotten really painful too. What should I do?
My chest/lungs always hurt after and i cough alot too . is it normal ?
My child has chronic bronchitis but only when in contact with other children. What should we do as precaution?
My dad cant stop coughing from all the pollen. Is there a good medication that would help?
"My dad cant take allegra or claritin it makes him to drowsy, what can he take?"
"My dad died 8 months ago, and my mom got a new boyfriend already. what do i do?"
My dad has diabetes and i eat alot of sweets can i get diabetes this way?
"My dad has diabetes type 2 , he drinks a bottle of wine every night. he needs help?"
"My dad has liver disease caused by alcohol abuse, he gets better than worse, is this normal?"
My dad is forgetting really important things and is super stressed im worried?
My dad is using splenda but heard it wasn't healthy. how come?
"My dad was mad at me and punched me in the back of my head, i put my hand up to block it but it still hurt really bad. what should i do?"
My daughter has three small dry patches on her. they have small bumps but are not itchy. what could this be?
My daughter started getting red and purple dots all over one leg last night and within an hour they were all over. What could this have been from?
"My dick is 4"" and i want to grow my size. i am 24. is there any chances of growth at this stage?"
My doctor diagnosed strep without a test. How is this possible?
"My doctor for xanax and it say (mylan) on the bottle, but it also says alprazolam. so how many mgs can i take a day and feel calm?"
My doctor gave me antibiotics for bronchitis! help?
My doctor prescribed 875mg amoxicillin to take 2 a day . what will happen if i take 4 instead if 2?
My doctor prescribed me 300mgs of iron and told me i am anemic. What will these pills do?
My doctor said i have a fatty liver what foods should i eat?
"My doctor says i have fibromyalgia, and i disagree. What tests would tell me for sure?"
My dog has a skin irritation due to food allergy and he keeps ripping his hair out!?
"My dog takes alprazolam when it rains,i take ativan but i ran out & having anxiety issues. can i take my dogs?"
"My ear feels like there is water in them, but i doubt there is. what should i do?"
My ear is swelling and drainage. Help what do I do?
"My ent reported my physical exam findings today as ""3+ nasal turbinates""what does that mean?"
My esr is low 4 mm/hr and my lymphocytes are 43% which is very high so what does it mean?
"My eyes are bloodshot and very crusty when i wake up, why?"
My eyes are so bad during allergy season . why?
My eyes have gotten really itchy all of a sudden. How can I tell if its allergies or something else?
My eyes itch a lot and keep sneezing but no allergies. What do I do?
"My eyes, nose and throat itches. help what can I do?"
My face is peeling from an acne medication please help me!!!?
My face is sunburned and i've been using aloe vera but its peeling so is neosporin ok too?
My face looks puffy a lot. how can i stop it from looking puffy?
"My father drinks a lot, which leads to family problems.. anything i can do?"
"My father has alcoholic liver disease, hes currently in the hospital. What are his chances of recovering?"
My father is 51 and pooped his pants. He's also been loosing weight and on top of that he is a alcoholic. is he dying?
My feet sting and have white spots underneath. What should I do?
My ferritin level is 250. I also have raised liver enzymes of 350 (normal 1 -50) and unexplained diabetes. any ideas of what could be going on?
"My fiance lost almost all her memory, except for me and what her name is what should i do to help!?"
My foreskin is itching and is shrinking can pull skin back over head?
"My friend bit me, what do i do? Can I get anything from this?"
My friend got a red rash after drinking 4 loko. What should we do?
My friend got really drunk tonight and is throwing up. What is the quickest hangover remedy?
"My friend has been drinking 3 times a week for about a year, he's only 16 will that have any effect to his fitness in future?"
My friend has had an eating disorder for two years. how do i help her?
"My friend is bleeding from her bottom, does she need to seek medical advice?"
"My friend just developed alopecia areata, should he see a dr right away?"
"My friend loses her memory when she's drunk. at first she's like dora from finding nemo. eg: ""where's my phone"" Is this normal?"
My friend mohi told me he has anal warts. can those be cured?
"My friend will be taking his medical exam next week and he was nailed (analsex) last week, will it be detected?"
My friends daughter took 25 aleve pills is that bad she's 14 weighs 150?
My friends mom had to go into emergency surgery because of low hemoglobin. will she be okay?
My gf takes meds for anxiety and depression i dont want her taking all these pills are there side affects?
My gf threw up last night and is feeling sick. we've had anal about 4 times the past 2 weeks. Could that be why?
"My girlfriend has fibromyalgia, what can i do to help her?"
My girlfriend is allergic to nuts and i mistakenly ate some how long will it be in my system for ?
My glasses create dark circles on my nose and under my eyes. help?
My grandfather fell on his head and can't move his hands!! Is this paralysis?
My grandmother has alzheimers and shes really freaking me out and im concerned. help please?
My guy had an ingunial hernia op on monday and is in more pain now than then. Should he take more pain meds?
My head hurts really badwhat do i do?
My jaw hurts and my ear aches..any idea what i can do next?
My job is making me sick due to a broken damp wall. what should i do?
My knee joint and spinal cord hurt for no reason? How to get rid of severe pain?
My lab test came back and they are making me nervous. my anion gap is7. alkaline phos is 123.. ast is140?
My left ear feels slightly clogged and i hear a crackling noise when i open mouth/yawn/chew. it's not earwax. what is it?
"My left ear hurts, but my right ear is fine. is something wrong?"
My left eyelid is swollen and puffy. Is there a home remedy for this?
My life is great so why do i like to cut myself?
My lips feel like they're burning. What conditions can this cause?
My little boy has a peanut allergy and sleeps a lot. Is there any relation between the two?
My manhattan doctor told me that hetero hiv is extremely hard to get. after research. i agree. What are other opinions?
My metabolism is really bad. i put on weight really quick. green tea doesn't seem to help me.. i do exercise daily any tips?
My mind is so foggy right now i need help. Is there anything I can do to clear it?
My mom has alzheimers and cant remember squat. is her memory still there or hads it been erased?
My mom is 75 and she keeps losing weight and she gets red allegy patches on her skin. Is there anything that will help?
My mom is a depressed alcoholic how can i help her?
"My mom is never hungry and lost 17 pounds in 7-8 months. I think she needs help, what can I do?"
My mom said im anorexic and binge eating what are signs or ways to tell if you have a eating disorder?
"My moms an alcoholic and she said her heart hurts, what does that mean?"
My moms blood sugar is 280 and she doesn't take any medication. what are symptoms that can develop and what are other problems can develop?
"My mother is depressed, what can i do?"
My mouth had swollen and puffed up. is this an allergic reaction or is this normal?
"My muscles extremely hurt after work out, will hot & cold patches work?"
My orthodontist told me today that i needs to get 5 teeth pulled out. will i just be numbed or will i get knocked out?
My other big toe and the doctor literally pulled out the bit of nail with out any anaesthetic. what im worried about is the injection will it hurt?
"My pal is an alcoholic and has started to urinate blood , what illness could this be ?"
My partner is 40 and he cant get erection nd he is lying to me saying he is not diabetic but i suspect he is a?
"My penile lesion, is it dangerous?"
My penis forskin will not go back to its normal place. What can I do?
"My period has been coming and going, showing up one month and disappearing the next. is it amenorrhea?"
"My period is two weeks late, could it be from ovarian cysts?"
"My prozac makes me hyper at night, is this a normal side effect?"
My resting heart rate is really high. Is this indicative of anything?
My right nostril is clogged from allergies. What do you suggest?
My right shin is numb. and i know it is stupid to ask on here but it is weird but any idea what is wrong?
My sex time is very short(40sec).how can I make it last longer?
"My sexual urge is really high right now, how do i control myself?"
"My sgpt is 95 and alkaline phosphtye is 339, is it a serious problem?"
My sgpt/alt is 133.70 and sgot/ast 66.21 and have warm left foot symtoms. whats happening?
My sister took 10 ambien and 10 clonazapam and her doctor told her not to mix them what could happen !!!?
"My sister used a tooth whitening product and now half her face seems to be paralysed, what could this be?"
"My skin is peeling from sunburn, should i use aloe vera gel?"
My son had to get a few silver caps recently and i was just wondering if the caps contain mercury like the silver fillings do?
My son is 2 years and has a nut allergy. can this allergy be cured by immunotherapy?
My son was prescribed amoxicillin clavulanate potassium for an ear infection. Is this normal?
My stomach hurts in the morning soon after getting up and after i eat. what might be the problem?
My stomach is hurting really bad. it's aching and every now and then i feel sharp pains. what does this mean?
My sunburn is leaking yellow fluid and is scabbing the same color. Is this serious?
My sunburn is still itchy anyone know why?
"My test reports show sgpt (alt) result 5.3 and creatinine is 1.43 i am very worried to this result, how to reduce?"
My throat has hurt for a week and i went to the doc a week ago and got an anabolic?
"My throat hurts really bad, but i am not sure if it is due to allergies or strep throat. How do I find out?"
My toe hurts & there was a green lump on it. what do i do?
"My toe nails got grey stripes, its from deep beneath. can this be due to wearing tight shoes?"
My toenail hurts. the third toe on my right foot hurts how do i stop it?
"My toes asleep for several hours now. Happens now and then. i know that when they ""fall asleep"" that's circulation cut offdo i need amputation?"
My uncle has got stroke and suffering from brain hemorrhage. this stroke affect his half body right side. Will he ever recover?
"My uncle is an alcoholic and he got sick from it, hes bleeding from his mouth & anus, what does he have?"
My urology consultant is sending me for a rigid cystoscopy! what is this and and what does it involve?
My uvula is swollen and i have really bad period cramps. Where can I get relief?
"My vagina odor is smelly & my boyfriend doesnt want to go near there, what can i do?"
"My very close friend with hpv visited me and i lent her my bed. now i don't have any clean bed sheets, is it risky to sleep on that bed?"
My vulva area has been red and a little irritated for 3 months now. What do you suggest?
My wife age 31.now test report shows: alt/sgpt: 55u/l & alt/sgpt: 114u/l: what does it means?
My wife has an eating disorder and often gets a raised heart rate of over 160bpm. Why is that?
"My wife has blood urea 118 mg/dl, serum creatinine 2.60, serum uric acid 8.3, how much dangerous is it for kid?"
"My wife is suffering with her both hands finger pain.r.a.,crp and ana test are normal. ,but still pain exists. What could it be?"
"My wisdom teeth aren't like most people's, mine don't even have the root yet they are just cutting my gum an popping them out. is it going to hurt?"
Nails are hot red and swollen ! i'm searching for an ingrown toenail but i can't find one!!! what is this?
"Nasty keloid scar on my back which is infected and inflamed, what do i do? What treatments are avaialable?"
Natural ways of shrinking uterine fibroids and ovarian cysts?
"Nausea, sore throat, and headaches after molar extraction. Should I be worried?"
Need anxiety medication that wont drop my bp since i'm hypotensive. suggestions?
"Need help about husband's health, he has yellowing eyes and skin. What should I do?"
Need help! Loved one has an alcohol addiction! What can I do?
Need some information please about type ii diabetes?
Need to get rid of sore throat now! What can I do?
Nervous having my teeth pulled should i ask for general anesthesia or just a numbing to the area?
Nitric oxide is good for silence alpha thalassemia?
"No appetite, nausea, can't eat for days and stomach cramps what is it ?"
"No asthma, i don't smoke and i don't have any illnesses or allergic reactions. So why do i keep getting chest infections?"
No matter how much sleep i get i'm always tired! Please help?
"No matter what i do, my skin is always dry. What can I do for this?"
Non-stop diarrhoea that now hurts help! What can I do?
"Not allergic to milk or other dairy, but had an allergic reaction to whey protein. Does that count is dairy?"
Not eating breakfast or lunch and a little bit of dinner. do you think that i have an eating disorder or am i just beind paranoid?
Not eating during the day and only eating supper. will you lose weight?
Not taking my clairitin d but did know if allergies can cause ear pain. any thoughts?
Not the lack of gluten. what do i do?
"Numbness in my middle toe on my right foot, feeling almost like a dentists anaesthetic. does anyone know what this is, or how to sort it?"
"Nuvaring and antibiotics, worth wasting the $90?"
Occasionally i have to wipe a kind of liquidy poo coating the outside of my anus. what is this?
Ok i'm getting my wisdom teeth out and i want put to sleep but am scared. what are the pros and cons?
"Ok so i heard that if you create an eating disorder than you would be able to sing really well due to the stomach acid, is this true?"
Ok so i'm gonna get braces i have a overbite so i can either get a block brace or i can have two teeth pulled out and braces not sure which to get?
Ok so.. one of my boobs is bigger than the other and has stretch marks on it.. i'm like extremely scared what does it mean?
Ok.so my toenail from my left foot got really ingrown!well we could say it got bad. (like really bad) and i dont know how to take it off?
Okay for me to give the guy who has the virus oral or have unprotected anal sex with him if it's dormant?
"Okay so i'm having 3 teeth taken out this week, will it hurt loads, bleed and how long will they take to heal?"
"On a scale of 1-10, 10 being the most painful, how much does anal sex hurt?"
On amoxicillin and having diarrhea cramps! help?
"Once a patient signs a consent form for surgery, can they refuse the surgery last minute in the OR?"
Once a person has been diagnosed with cirroses of the liver stage 4 and also has diabetes can a liver be repaired?
Only eating 550 calories a day at the most do i have a eating disorder?
"Osgood schlatters disease in both knees, how does that affect my growth?"
Overall top 2 favorite tampons?
Oxycodone. two 5 mgs. can they help produce a high like feeling?
Pain in arms and legs after taking allergy pills. Is this a common side effect?
"Pain in my tooth after root canal, will it stop eventually? how long will it take?"
"Pain, feeling cramping and nausea. is it related to anal sexual activity?"
"Painful bumps inside my vagina, what could it be?"
Painful cut on big toe from toenail. How can I prevent this from getting infected?
"Painful headpain, back/neck pain, nausea. What do these symptoms indicate?"
"Painless mouth sore - worried that it is syphilis or herpes infection, or oral cancer. How do I get tested?"
Palpations! night sweats and light headedness-help what's wrong? Is it overactive thyroid?
Paranoid: don't know if i am experiencing pms symptoms or early pregnancy symptoms. How to tell the difference?
Patanol eye drops not working for my red eye. what do i use?
Persistent and severe sore throat for 7 days. what could it be?
Petrified of colonoscopy please help :(?
Phenytoin sodium (dilantin) 3x a day.. am i not allowed to drink alcoholic drinks?
Phimosis- local anesthesia application-how is it done?
Phlegm is causing severe discomfort. How do i get rid of this?
"Pimple turned into wound, how can i heal it fast?"
"Pink eye! my eye is red, its burning, its itchy amd it feels sorta sticky! am i getting pink eye?"
Pleas help me with my separation anxiety and severe panic attacks?
Please help i have a hole in my ear drum.. will it heal using medicine?
Please help i have to pop a black head on my penis but it hurts. What do I do?
"Please help me figure out what is wrong with my feet. they itch, tingle, and break out in blistery open sores?"
"Please help me, all of a sudden i am throwing up if i have a drink of alcohol and my stomach is on fire?"
"Please help! theres this lump on my butt, i think it's a hemorrhoid. What can I do?"
Please help!! i'm only allergic to pets that cast hair but what is the proper name for it?
Please help!!! how to treat really bad razor burn?
"Please help, infection back again!! Swollen lymph nodes on neck, what can I do?"
"Please help; i keep puking after drinking, even water. What is going on?"
Please help; is it fairly easy to get hooked on e & molly?
Please tell me some medicine name to increase my penis bigger and harder?
Podiatrist told me that there is nothing i can do about djd in my toe. is this true?
"Pooping hurts, not constipated so what could be the reason?"
Positive for hpv16and have anal warts..will it ever clear?
"Possible causes of intermittent numbness and tingling in arms, legs, fingers, toes?"
Possible causes of right ovary pain?
Possible that i may need treatment on the day resulting in local anaesthetic to treat my cervix. will this result in potentially wetting myself?
Possible to remove a small cyst sac without surgery'?
Pretty positive that the top of my foot is infected. any advice?
"Problem of constipation frm a long time,some bdy told me fiber is good.so plz tel me balanced diet of fiber?"
Pros & cons of ritalin?
Protein bars out there that don't have soy in them?
"Putting toothpaste on zits made my face red, what should I do?"
Quick remedies to get rid of cold sores?
Ran out of amoxicillin (treating strep throat) help! how do I get more?
Randomally fainted after getting upset. Does this happen because I was super upset?
Rbc 204/ul wbc12/ul blood +2 alt/gpt 47u/l what do all that mean?
Really bad cramping on one side.. help is there aything I can take for this?
Really sick! nose is soo stuffed! any advice or help?
"Really want to know whats wrong with me. my mom had an autoimmune disease, could i have one?"
"Really, how bad is getting your wisdom teeth removed?"
"Reasons for a late/missed period besides pregnancy? I think it's an external hemorrhoid, it's been a week, i'm pretty worried?"
Reasons for limb amputations? What leads a person to need one?
"Received my allergy shot for the first time and i'm having reactions to them, how can i soothe the reactions?"
"Recently diagnosed with level 1 food allergies, how long till all the bad food allergens are out of my body?"
"Recovering from an eating disorder, will hair lighten again?"
"Recovering from anemia, is it ok to start training?"
Rectal bleeding (internal) due to constipation. assuming it's anal fissure. will i die of it?
Rectal injury due to very hard and large stool. what is remedy?
Red blotchy rash on penis help what could this be?
Red inflamed skin near vaginal/anal opening. Is this an STD symptom?
Red its not itchy and it doesn't hurt. i tried my eye drop from my allergist but nothing.. what could it be?
"Red rash on right arm, what could it be?"
Red vessels becoming visible in eye. What can cause this and is this worrisome?
"Red, hot, blotches on legs, after a shower, standing up (especially in the heat) from heat in general! What can I do?"
"Redness, dry and cuts on my nose! why is this happening to me?"
"Regular tooth filling went wrong, do i have to pay again for root canal?"
Remedies for swollen lymph node?
Restarting birth control pills without my period. Is this a good idea?
Ringing in one ear that won't stop please help me?
"Ritalin muscle twitches, are they bad?"
Root canal infection help what do I do!!!?
"Root canal tooth pulled broken at gumline, what is the proper procedure?"
Roughly how long will i be unconscious for if i'm having a light general anaesthetic?
"Routine needed for big pecs, abs, and losing belly fat. please help!?"
Run more than 5 miles per day and eat 1200 calories daily. is amenorrhea likely for me?
"Running on 8 hours of sleep total over the last 3 going on 4 days, whats wrong with me?"
Runny nose everyday for the last few years. What can i take for this?
Said i will have to get them drained. is there an alternative safe way to remove the fluid wat ave to get some?
"Same eye and the inner corner of my eye is quite red. have i got an eye infection, and if i do how shall i treat it?"
"Saw on tv a cream that you put on your nose to help with hay fever, any ideas what it's called?"
"Scared about bright red streaks of blood in stool, what can I do?"
Scared out of my mind about the endoscopy because they didnt sedate me last time. What should I do?
"Seasonal allergies causing severe dryness on face and neck, is there a natural cure for this?"
"Severe eczema, having trouble living a normal life, please help!?"
Shaking and throwing up after drinking. Why does this happen?
Sharp pain in lower left area. Could this be appendicitis?
"Sharp shooting pain in ovary and sides, what is wrong with me?"
Shortness of breath and is so easily exhausted. could this be anemia or low blood pressure or something else?
"Should ""natural"" supplements be regulated by the fda?"
Should an ultrasound show follicles while on birth control?
Should be scared of my mild food allergies?
Should fruits be avoided if they are quite high in carbs/sugar?
Should i ask my gp if they think i have fibromyalgia?
Should i be hot or cold while i sleep to burn more calories?
Should i be scared about getting general anesthesia?
Should i be worried about bad sunburn on my face and swelling?
Should i be worried about my gf being pregnant from anal?
Should i brush and floss immediately after eating or wait awhile?
Should i buy chocolate that may contain nuts for someone who has a nut allergy?
Should i call an ambulance for pollen allergies?
Should i declare myself an alcoholic and sought help?
Should i dropout of my freshman year of college because of depression relapse?
Should i follow directions to the letter if birth control is to control hormones and not pregnancy?
Should i get anesthesia while i get my orthodontic appliance and top wire for my braces?
Should i get my wisdom teeth taken out now or over summer?
Should i give all my blades i use to self harm to my teacher so she can take them away?
Should i go to a dermatologist or an allergist about an allergic rash?
Should i go to the doctor for foot injury?
Should i go to the doctors for memory loss and confusion?
Should i go under general anesthesia for liposuction?
Should i have my child tested for bee sting allergies?
Should i know if i have aids or an std after 6 months?
Should i look into using an enama before having anal sex with my boyfriend?
Should i put aloe gel on my heel that has a blister?
Should i start with applicator tampons or non applicator?
Should i take pill or liquid form of benadryl for my bug bite / hives?
Should i take vitamin e capsule everyday..?
Should i tell my psychology teacher about my eating disorder?
Should i trust my negative hiv rapid and antibody test result after 5 months of the last time i had sex?
Should I try alternative medicine for endometriosis? Should i be concerned about it?
Should i try drinking coffee even though i might have a allergic reaction to it?
Should I try self estrogen treatment to get period back after an eating disorder?
Should i try to help my little sister who might be developing an eating disorder?
Should i walk on my cast or use crutches around school?
Should one be honest about illegal activity in a medical history questionnaire for university?
Should teeth always touch when biting?
Should you go to the hospital for a blistering sunburn?
Sick of feeling depressed all the time. What can I do?
"Sick of feeling depressed, is there anyway to stop this?"
Side effects of amoxicillin?
Side effects of binge eating disorder?
Since im getting an allergy test and know nothing about it im scared! anything to help me?
Since my dad died my personality has really changed. is this normal and will i get back to the old me?
Sinuses making me nauseous! What should I do?
Sister is obese but if she makes lifestyle changes can non alcoholic fatty liver disease be reversible?
"Six months back i got fissure in anus, now the symptoms are back with bladder infection. What can I do?"
Skin under eye is purpleish and my eye hurts when i blink what is going on?
Skipping sugar pills in birth control. Can that lead to any problems?
Sleeping aids have changed my life. any downsides?
"Sleepy through out my day, even though i sleep from 10 or 11 at night to 11 or 12 noon?"
Small amount of blood after anal sex. Is this anything to worry about?
"Small amount of white liquid built up. i'm pretty sure i have an eye infection but just making sure, what do you think?"
"Small bumps and itchy skin, what could it be?"
Small tiny hives on my hands that only sometimes come in spring. Is this a seasonal allergy?
Smelling spicy foods and sweat makes my nose burn. Is this normal or an allergic reaction?
Snot stuff coming out of my eye. Is this serious?
So can you die for not removing your wisdom teeth?
"So i am getting an allergy skin prick test, once they find out what i am allergic to what will they do?"
So i am having a fraxel laser next week and i'm wondering which is more painful. renew laser or fraxel laser?
"So i burned myself with my 425 degree curling wand and it left a scar. do burn scars ever go away and if so, how long does it usually take?"
So i had sex with a guy two days ago and i still bleed when i go to the bathroom. is that normal?
"So i went to my gp today & she prescribed amoxicillin, it's painful & hurts to eat, how long should it take for it to kick in?"
"So i'm 19 and male and started to get red dry skin patch's on my hand. i've started using pure cocoa butter cream today, will it work?"
So im getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow and i am really nervous. what are my options for being put to sleep?
So just curious how long an alcoholic has to live in stage 4?
So many pimples! Please give me tips to help me clear my face?
So this morning i woke uup with an eye infection and now my eye is droopy. is it going to stay like this?
So tomorrow i have to get an allergy test and i am really scared! does it hurt?
"So what are your thoughts on alcoholism and drug addiction, are they diseases?"
"So, today i got burnt on my face, and it's super red and blotchy. i have school tomorrow, so it can't look like that. how do i calm it down?"
Someone have a good way to calm severe allergies from pollen and all that stuf that comes around in spring time?
Someone help i feel like i'm going to die?
Someone that knows about hpv help me please i need to see if its a rash or worst hpv?
SOmetimes I feel full of energy then all of a sudden so sleepy i can't keep my head up. What does this sound like?
Sore throat after two courses of antibiotics. Is this a normal side effect?
Spilt olive oil on my skin now have a breakout in that spot. What can I do for this?
"Spirulina, is it really beneficial for maintaining good health?"
"Spotting 2 weeks after perood, ovarian cyst, normal?"
Spotting a week and a half before my period is supposed to start. Is this serious?
Strange bite on my arm what do i do?
Strange red spots on my body please help?
Strep throat isnt going away with meds. Should I look to alternative medicines?
"Strep throat isnt going away, is there any hope for me?"
Strong painkillers for under 16's?
"Sudafed only halfway working, what else can I do?"
"Sudden painful finger swelling, please help?"
Suffocation before general anesthesia?
Suggestions on riding motorcycle after wisdom teeth removed?
"Sunburn-2 days in..face tightening, red/pinkgoing on 3 days tomorrow! would love reassurance/advice. help!!?"
Sunburnt today-what to apply and how long to go away?
Switching from the pill to another form of birth control. Any tips?
"Switching off of nuvaring back to pills after one day, How do i switch back?"
Swollen bump from ingrown toenail help!!?
"Swollen vagina, any ideas what it is?"
Taking aleve (naproxen) after working out?
"Taking clindaymcin before root canal, is this okay?"
Tea tree cleanser and toner boots moisturising lotion aloe vera cream a lot of sudocrem! can anyone help?
Teenage daughter came out in a rash from being out in the cold. Could someone be allergic to cold?
Tell me everything about laughing gas. does it work right away what does it look like does it smell?
Tell me what inpatient treatment for eating disorders is like?
"Tested positive for ana, what should i do?"
The chances of contracting hiv from protected anal intercourse?
The first stage of alcoholism is characterized by what symptoms?
The girl my bf got hpv from has cervical cancer.i have hpv now. does this mean cancer odds are greater?
The inflammation of my recent piercing is going down and leaking out a clear liquid. is it normal?
"The last few months i have been drinking a lot. i was wondering, if i have done irreversible health damage?"
the liver is normal for size and shape but of increased echotexture reflecting fatty infiltration. what does this mean in simple terms?
There any medicines i could buy like at a convinient store to treat my anemia?
There are several weird spots near my butt. they hurt when i walk and i don't know how to get rid of them.?
"There's blood in the toilet after i have a bowel movement there's no pain though, help?"
They are giving my 1 year old 1000 mg of amoxicillin a day. Is this really safe?
Thimerasol and aluminum and formaldehyde in the vaccines.conspiracy or not?
Think i may also developed a hair follicle infection from the allergy. does anyone know if seafood can make you break out?
This is kind if a weird question but what causes diarrhea?
This sensation of disgust of food. could this possibly be the start of an eating disorder or possibly a stomach issue?
"Throat doesn't swell and i can breathe fine after eating fruit, but could this be an allergic reaction?"
Tight throat that seems to get worse when swallowing food. Any home remedies?
Tips and/or supplements to get rid of anaemia?
Tips for better sleep?
Tips for getting rid of the ache for a few hours ?
Tips to get more lean?
"Today been told have chronic psychosis which is caused by my temproal lobe epilepsy, what is this?"
Today i ate a handful of green grapes 1 banana 1 pear 2 tomatos 2 carrots 2 sticks of celery 1 scallion stick 1 onion is this too much?
Today in the morning i had coffee and about 3 hours later had slight heart pains for about one hour. Is this related?
Tommorow is the last of a 10 day amoxicillin course for an ear infection. now my other ear has one. should I keep taking it?
"Tonight i cut again, and the cuts are really close to my hand and i need them to fade by morning. does anyone have any ideas to what i could do?"
Tonsil/throat inflammation. please help. What can I use for this?
Tonsillitis and work how long before  will be 1005 again and going back?
"Tonsillitis turning black, what does this mean?"
"Took a prediction allergy pill, and over the counter one, and a prescription pill for an amoxicillin. did i overdose?"
Took the pill for two days after my period had stopped. stopped the pill. now i'm bleeding again?
"Tooth exposure operation: I just wanna know what it's like and how much it hurts, i'm very nervous even though i am getting sedation. does it hurt as much as it looks?"
Tsh of 2.71 miu/l - is this normal?
"Tylenol help headaches. should i just take my rx aleve and dayquil around the clock and forget the advil, will dayquil help headaches?"
Unable to move on past my exboyfriend. How do I get over him?
Under my belly button and between my hip bones is suddenly hard to the touch amd has formed a slight bump. is that normal?
"Underneath my eyes are really dark, is there a cure for this?"
Unknown cause for high liver enzyme. What tests must be done?
"Urgent!so i have have receding & burning gums,& its been going on for months, anyone know what this could be?"
Urine and blood test show that my rbc is 204/ul what dos that mean ?
Vaginal area is itchy but am a virgin. What could this be?
Vaginal irratation due to friction?
"Ve been taking the max amount of pain medicine (ibuprofen, acetaminophen, advil, aleve, whatever else.) should i make an appointment with my doc?"
Waking up in the middle of the night thinking its morning. What causes this confusion?
Want to know if i take my iron pills everyday and eat enough iron can my anemia go away?
"Water fasting, how long will it take to lose the weight you want?"
Ways to get rid of slightly sunburned face fast?
Ways to help increase metabolism?
Weird feeling for days after drinking alcohol. What can cause this?
"Weird, upside triangular shape and when you push it in it stays there its more near the anal area what is it?"
"Well not all of my body, i have been in the sun alot lately and my face got sun burnt so badly. how to get back my lighter skin naturally?"
"Well, i took benadryl about 12 hours ago and i was wondering, its it okay if i take zyrtec now?"
"Went to doctor for sore throat and other symptoms, gave me anitbiotic without doing a strep test. Is this proper procedure?"
What age did you stop growing?
What allergy pills do you recommend?
What alternative cures and home remedies are there for hemorrhoids?
What anesthetic alternatives exist to nitrous oxide?
What anti-allergy medicine do you recommend?
What antibiotic do you take for inpacked tooth?
What anti-biotic is the best to get rid of pneumonia?
"What apps help with anorexia? Like myfittnesspal, quitter, since it is free what else is there?"
What are alcohol withdrawl symptoms?
What are all dental methods of anesthesia?
What are allergy or asthma doctor assistants called?
What are amoxycillin side effects?
What are anxiety meds like?
What are arguments for and against the claim that alcoholism is a disease?
What are bed bugs and what do they look like? Do they make you itch can you see them?
What are causes of amenorrhea?
What are common causes of swollen nodes on my neck?
What are common drugs used in general anesthesia?
What are converse eye glasses made out of?
What are dental implants?
"What are gall stones, how do they develop?"
What are good homemade laxatives that are all natural?
What are good natual remedies for allergies to cats and dust mites?
What are good things about anal warts?
What are good treatments for hives like allergic reaction?
What are good treatments for rhinitis?
What are good way to get rid of allergies?
What are good websites to research depression and post-traumatic stress disorder?
What are hay fever symptoms?
What are known side effects of using alternatives to sugar?
What are my chances of getting tetanus?
What are my options if dental sedation pills don't work?
What are OTC medications for migraines?
What are possible reasons there would be difficulty putting me under with anesthesia?
What are precautions you can take against infection?
What are remedies for a clear nose?
What are signs of anaemia?
What are small itchy blisters on lower back?
What are some alternative medicines?
What are some benefits of omega 3 fatty acids?
What are some challenges that scientists face in their search for a cure for alzheimer's disease?
What are some common food allergies?
What are some complications of gastric surgery people have had?
What are some diseases associated with the cardiovascular system?
What are some examples of homeostasis in the endocrine system?
What are some good foods for colon illnesses?
What are some good lubes i can find in the house that are safe to use?
What are some good natural remedies and cures for allergy?
What are some good over the counter allergy medications?
What are some good ways to help my period not be so heavy every month?
What are some good ways to kickstart my metabolism again?
What are some home remedies for acne?
What are some home remedies for itchy throat when sneezing cause of allergies?
What are some light exercises you can do to prolong your life if you have chf?
What are some misconceptions of losing your virginity for a woman?
What are some negetive effects of having depression?
What are some other types of sex besides vaginal?
What are some possible reasons a person would go to a proannorexic web site?
What are some signs and symptoms of preleukemia and leukemia?
What are some signs of nasal cancer?
What are some specific questions i can ask to someone with leukemia. like something that only someone with the disease would know?
What are some supplements that help make white spots on skin and uneven skin go away?
What are some symptoms of an eating disorder or anorexia?
What are some tests that can be done to find out what it is that i'm having allergic reactions to?
What are some uncommon signs of hodgkins lymphoma?
What are some ways i can gain weight?
What are symptom of late stage alzheimers?
What are symptoms of alcohol withdrawal?
"What are the ""somatic"" symptoms of recurrent depression?"
What are the advantages of drinking chamomile tea?
What are the bad side-effects of amitriptyline (endep)?
What are the benefits of eating almonds?
What are the benefits of green tea?
What are the best alcoholic drinks to have when watching your figure?
What are the best foods to cut out of your diet to loose weight?
What are the best healthy nutritional supplements for a woman to take to get lean mass while bobybuilding?
What are the best pre-workout supplement that gives alot of energy for woman?
What are the best scar creams for a burn on the face?
What are the best supplements for general anxiety?
What are the best treatments for hives?
What are the best vitamins for 3-4 year olds?
"What are the best, quickest, and healthiest way to mend a broken heart?"
What are the biggest misconceptions about blood circulation?
What are the causes of obsessive-compulsive disorder?
What are the causes of sore eyes?
What are the chances of contracting hiv from protected anal intercourse?
What are the chances of contracting hiv from protected anal sex?
What are the chances of getting a waiver for my penicillin allergy?
What are the chances of getting an std from un protected sex?
What are the chances of getting pregnant from sperm leaking from the anus into the vagina?
What are the chances of me being alergic to pistachios? But i never tried pistachios before and what will happen if i am allergic?
What are the chances of my girlfriend having an allergic reaction to latex condoms?
What are the chances of survival of a 70 year old man going in for a general anaesthetic..?
What are the chances of the patient's body rejecting an organ from a genetically unrelated donor?
What are the connections of kidney disease (nephropathy) with other systems?
What are the dangers of a spleen removal and kidney biopsy?
What are the dangers of cracking your knuckles/neck/wrists etc?
What are the deadly kinds of std's?
What are the different kinds of enemas?
What are the different types of eating disorder?
What are the drugs used to treat only gram negative bacteria?
What are the effects of alchohol on the brain?
What are the effects of being underweight?
What are the effects of breathing in chloroform?
What are the effects of cocaine?
What are the effects of electroshock therapy?
What are the effects of having low vitamin b12?
What are the effects of mixing psychiatric pills with alcohol?
What are the effects of the drugs used for wisdom teeth removal?
What are the health benifits you can get from teetotalism?
What are the long term affects or dangers of drinking?
What are the long term effects of steroids?
What are the medical tests avalible to determine nonalcoholic liver disease?
What are the medical uses for ketamine?
What are the physical and non-physical effects of methamphetamine?
What are the physical side effects of gall bladder removal?
What are the risks of fatty liver?
What are the risks when taking steroids for muscle gain?
What are the side affects of drinking alcohol while taking amox-clav?
What are the side affects of quitting nuvaring?
What are the side effects of celecoxib capsules?
What are the side effects of lipitor?
What are the side-effects of medication called aricept ?
What are the signs of a eating disorder?
What are the signs of an allergic reaction due to artificial joints?
What are the signs of having an eating disorder?
What are the success rates of bone marrow transplants for child leukemia patients?
What are the symptoms for anemia?
What are the symptoms for cold sores?
What are the symptoms of a cobalt allergy and where could we posssibly get them?
What are the symptoms of a yeast infection?
What are the symptoms of an allergic reaction to ky jelly(non-warming)?
What are the symptoms of an autoimmune disease?
What are the symptoms of anemia and high blood pressure?
What are the symptoms of anemia?
What are the symptoms of kidney diseases?
What are the symptoms of leukimia?
What are the symptoms of maladaptive daydreaming?
What are the treatment if i have skin infection and spots due to spider bite?
What are the visble difference between anal warts and hemaroids ?
What are the zyvox food restrictions?
"What are these dry, scaly patches on my skin?"
What are these itchy bumps on my arms?
What are these pimples/scars on my cheeks and why wont they go away!?
What are these whiteheads on the inside of my legs?
What are things in your room that could make you have an allergic reaction?
What are treatments to long term side effects of levaquin?
What are Vyvance negative effects?
What are ways someone gets gonorrhea?
What are ways to combat alzheimers?
What are ways to lighten my periods?
What are websites to learn about nutritional health?
What are your experiences of anaphylaxis?
What can a doctor do for me if i have scleroderma?
What can a naturopathic doctor do for me?
What can be causing this eye problem when showering?
What can be done to reduce chances of loose skin during weight loss?
What can cause alzheimer's like symptoms but not be alzheimer's?
What can cause chest and throat tightness and pressure?
What can cause chronic iron loss besides bleeding?
What can cause dark veins and bumps on throat?
What can cause hives besides allergies?
What can get rid of stretch marks !! please i need help?
What can happen if blood sugar is 280 and no medication is taken?
What can happen if i overdose on allergy pills?
What can happen if you take two different antibiotics to treat same problem?
What can i do about a chronic sinus infection?
WHat can I do about a small hickey like rash on upper thigh?
What can i do about chronic constipation?
What can i do about my horrible seasonal allergies?
What can i do about my inherited large thighs?
What can i do about my pms laziness & pain?
What can I do about random and reacurring dizzyness amd shortness of breath?
What can I do about red bumps that aren't pimples on my face?
What can I do about these weird bumps that keep appearing all over my body?
What can i do about vaginal itching?
What can i do and not do after applying clobetasol propionate treatment to my hands?
What can I do for dull pain under left side of ribcage?
What can I do for upper stomach pain just below the rib cage and digestion problem?
What can i do from a nutrition perspective to prevent muscle cramps?
What can i do to avoid the taste of amoxicillin?
What can i do to be more physically active?
What can i do to boost my energy levels in a healthy way?
What can i do to clear my face of pimples and blemishes?
What can i do to control food cravings!?
What can i do to decrease my chances of kidney /liver problems?
What can i do to fix a very bad tooth ache? my tooth is broken?
What can i do to gain weight when i possibly have ibs?
What can i do to improve my diet?
What can i do to lessen my allergies to my cat?
What can i do to not get tired after taking benadryl?
What can i do to stop thinking about weed?
What can i do. i feel a big wave of depression. please help. any help will be appreciated and accepted.?
What can i eat instead of peanut butter if I am allergic?
What can i expect when getting a tonsillectomy?
What can i take to help relieve cramps and swelling?
"What can i take, in addition to ambien, to help me sleep?"
What can i use as sunburn relief?
"What can I use for a painful cystoscope, help?"
What can i use for constipation?
What can i use to help me get to sleep quicker and sleep for longer?
What can my boyfriend use this summer if he is allergic to off spray?
What can people with leukemia do and not do?
What can solve alcoholism in older men?
"What can you do w/ an allergy caused by the blackberry phone, & can't buy a new phone until contract ends?"
What can you use if allergic to off spray?
What cause people to really have to pee but physical unable to go?
What causes a woman not to have vaginal discharge?
What causes alcoholism or is it simply a bad habit?
What causes alzheimer's disease?
What causes amenorrhea?
What causes an anal prolapse?
What causes an autoimmune disease?
What causes anal leakage a few hours after a bowel movement?
What causes asthma attacks to become more frequent?
What causes breast cancer?
What causes cirrhosis of the liver besides alcohol abuse?
What causes diarrhea?
What causes enlarged red blood cells?
What causes hot feet besides the environmental temperature?
What causes iron deficiency anemia if i am eating plenty of iron?
What causes me to suffer from really bad hangovers?
What causes more white blood cells in the body?
What causes numbness in the body?
What causes patients to quickly fall asleep before surgery?
What causes people to develop gallstones?
What causes random burning in the nose?
What causes sleep problems and body aches?
What causes sleep walking?
What causes sudden allergies when you become an adult?
What causes sweat outbreaks and extremely bad headache?
"What causes tiny bumps on inner lips, and at floor of mouth? Any way to get rid of this?"
What could a very sore red anus be?
What could be causing constant stomach pain?
What could be causing my breathing problems all of a sudden?
What could be causing these constant headaches?
"What could be the cause of headaches, sleepiness, and eating a lot more?"
What could be the cause of knawing pain in my stomach and back?
What could cause anemia ?
What could have caused my periods to become virtually nonexistent?
What could having a low platelet level in the blood problem mean?
What could it be if my hair suddenly is literally falling off in clumps?
What could make my alt and ast always high?
What could red bumps on penis mean?
What could this lump on my left ovary be? Looks like a sphere. so am i pregnant or is this an ovarian cyst or what?
What could this pain be after root canal?
What disease cause continuous excretion of faeces and blood like liquid through anus ?
What diseases are related to poor nutrition?
What diseases can be spread through sharing liquor?
What do blood tests check for?
What do drs call the method of diagnosing a persons health by looking at a patients fingernails?
What do i do about an ingrown toenail when i can't see a doctor?
What do i do about my fear of having hsv 2?
What do i do about this huge mosquito bite?
What do i do if i pulled my anus?
What do i do if i'm scared to destress?
What do i do if my friend has an eating disorder?
What do i do my face and lips are swollen because i had an allergic reaction to home waxing?
What do i take for major leg cramps from dancing?
What do the results of this blood test indicate?
What do they check for in a full blood test?
What do they do for people with eating disorders to help them?
What do they do to a staph infection in the big toe?
What do they do when taking your wisdom teeth out?
What do you do to get rid of fatigue during the day?
What do you do when you have anemia +anxiety and feel the weakness and don't have energy anymore!?
What do you eat when you are wheat free?
What do you mean by chronic liver parenchymal disease with cirrhosis; varices and ascites?
What do you recommend to cure light scarring?
What do you think about taking multiple natural supplements and herbs?
What do you think of natural medicines and remedies?
"What does ""hard to find a vein"" suggest?"
"What does ""sigmoid colon showed an ulcero-proliferative"" mean?"
What does a neurologist do for work ?
What does aha cream do?
What does aloe vera gel do?
What does amalgam-1 surf. prim/perm mean?
What does an alcoholic like me do to ease withdrawal symptoms?
What does an equivocal herpes result really mean?
What does bleeding from the bottom during bowel movement mean?
What does blood peripheral culture no growth mean?
What does cirrhosis do to the body?
What does doc do when you over exercise and under eat?
What does esr in blood and lymphocytes mean?
What does generic ambien look like?
"What does having adult teeth pulled out feel like? I know it doesn't hurt at the time,but what does it feel like?"
"What does ige, serum stand for?"
What does internal bleeding feel like?
What does it feel like when you are being put under anesthesia?
What does it mean if i bleed when i poop ?
What does it mean if lupus test is negative?
What does it mean if you have sores on your scars or stretch marks?
What does it mean that my heart rate is irregular?
What does it mean to be an anemic without getting to complicated?
What does it mean to have pimples on the penis and testicles?
What does it mean to have your period twice a month?
What does it mean when an alcoholic is puking every morning and sometimes at night?
What does it mean when i have small red bumps around the opening of my anus?
What does it mean when laxatives stop working?
What does it mean when the doctor says your baby has a calcium spot on its heart?
What does it mean when you cant breathe and ur heart beats 3times slow then stops for a couple minutes?
What does it mean when you have a swollen lymph nodes and your jaw hurts?
What does it mean when you sneeze once the sun hits you?
What does it mean when your mole after being removed and tested has aplastic anemia?
What does it means if u have patches of green on ur foot?
What does low elektrolytes mean?
What does non saturated fats do to your body?
What does one with an underactive thyroid need to do to match the activity level of a normal thryoid?
What does phenylketonurics: contains phenylalanine mean?
What does saturated fat mean?
What does sex-linked mean?
What does too much aleve do?
What drug is most likely to cause red (bloodshot) and puffy eyes?
What drugs to they give you for depression.?
What effective treatment is currently available for als patients?
What exactly does skipping do to your legs and what exactly does toning mean?
What foods can help reverse heart disease?
What foods should a life long gluten eater consume to transition into a gluten free diet?
What foods should an anemic person not eat?
What form of aloe vera is best to use to awaken dormant hair follicles?
What gene is affected by sickle cell anemia?
What happen when someone lose his/her memory?
What happens at your first gyno exam?
What happens before and after u get ur wisdom teeth out.what will i waken up feeling like?
What happens during a diabetes test at the dr's?
What happens if a person with no sleeping problems or insomnia takes zolpidem?
What happens if i hold laxative diarrhea in?
What happens if i hold laxative diarrhea in?
What happens if i stop taking levothyroxine & anemia tablets?
What happens if my ast and alt levels are at 140 to 170 and i have hep c?
What happens if you chew an aleve pill?
What happens if you eat mould and are allergic to penasilin?
What happens if you hit puberty at the age of 12?
What happens if you mix ambien with methadone?
What happens if you never get medical help for alcohol poisoning?
What happens if you take 4 paracetomols and 1 cocodamol?
What happens in an allergy test?
What happens in root planning and scaling procedure?
What happens to fat in our bodies?
What happens when granulocyte level increase in human blood?
What happens when taking an energy pill after taking and ambien the night before?
What happens when u get ur wisdom teeth taken out?
What happens when you are allergic to a condom?
What happens when you donate bone marrow?
"What happens when you eat very little, like 500 calories, every day?"
What happens when you get a filling at the dentist?
What happens when you go to an allergist?
What happens when you mix 2200mg of aleve with 1-3 tbsp of dayquil?
What happens when you overdose on allergy pills?
What happens when you're being brought round from an anaesthetic?
What infections can you get from anal?
What is a good birth control with no hormone side effects?
What is a good diet for a vegetarian (semi-vegan)?
What is a good low calorie mixed drink?
What is a good pre and post workout snack?
What is a good product to remove warts?
What is a good reasonable weight to maintain at 5 feet with an eating disorder?
What is a good thing to cut out of the diet for basketball?
What is a good way for me to lose weight?
What is a hand surgeon and what do they do?
What is a powerful heartbeat a symptom of?
What is a simple definition of anemia?
What is acute lymphocytic leukemia treatment like?
What is alienation therapy when done to a drug addict or alcoholic?
What is amitriptyline medicated for ?
What is amoxicillin useds for?
What is amyotrophic lateral sclorosis?
What is an effective bactrim alternative?
"What is an ovoid, hypoechoic nodule?"
"What is anemea, how is it diagnosed and treated?"
What is anesthesia and what does it do?
"What is best natural solution/medicine for allergies , symptoms : nasal congestion?"
"What is better for back pain, aleve or advil?"
What is causing clicking/popping/grinding in my head/neck?
What is causing itching skin without rash or redness?
What is causing me to get little holes on the gums of my mouth?
What is causing my eczema to flare so i will visit an allergist soon. what should i do with my skin?
What is causing my occasional anal bleeding with clots?
What is considered a healthy weight for a 13 year old girl who is 5 ft. 2?
What is considered a regular menstrual cycle?
What is considered an alcoholic?
What is crohns disease?
What is going under general anesthesia like?
What is h g b a i c lab test for?
What is having oral surgery like?
What is hiv+ and what ways can it be transmitted?
What is involved in a partial knee replacement?
What is it called if your body is rejecting itself?
"What is it called when you are allergic to pets, only when they cast hairs?"
What is it called when you wake up in the recovery room and have a panic attack?
What is it like after you get your wisdom teeth out?
What is it like getting oral surgery?
What is it like getting your wisdom teeth removed?
What is it like going under and coming out of anesthesia?
What is it like to have anorexia?
What is long term carbon monoxide poisoning?
"What is meant by ""phantom limb"" sensations?"
"What is more detrimental to your health, regular alcohol use or regular use of cannabis?"
What is oral surgery like to get a tooth extracted?
What is pro-rex (eating disorder)?
What is something i could do everyday for 15 minutes to flatten my stomach?
What is strep throat?
"What is that,what caused it & how do i treat it,do i put aloe vera on it?"
What is the advantage of organic tampons?
What is the best (and easiest) way to lose weight?
What is the best allergy medicine?
What is the best and fastest way to get rid of pink eye?
What is the best and quickest way to lose weight?
What is the best antidepressant for social anxiety and major depression ?
What is the best comforting way to have the surgery to pull wisdom teeth?
What is the best cure for genital warts?
What is the best ear infection treatment?
What is the best energy supplement for a active 56 yr old?
What is the best lotion for psoriasis?
What is the best medication other than benzos for anxiety and panic?
What is the best medicine for a sore throat?
What is the best medicine for postnasal drip (possibly caused by allergies)?
What is the best over the counter allergy medicine?
What is the best remedy/treatment for colitis?
What is the best skin whitening product that is safe?
What is the best thing to take to stop sinus drainage?
What is the best tool to use to shave pubic area?
What is the best treatment for bleeding hemorrhoids?
What is the best treatment to the alzheimer patient?
What is the best way to get rid of the symptoms of hypothyroidism?
What is the best way to treat a sunburn and avoid the itching?
What is the cause of a skin allergy that occurs every summer seasons?
What is the cause of a sore tongue?
What is the cause of gynecomastia?
What is the cause of my morning jitters?
What is the cure for a 5yr old if eosinophils count is high?
"What is the deal with the question ""have you had sex with a man"" for donating blood?"
"What is the diet of a person who is allergic to nuts, eggs, and milk?"
What is the difference between a fad diet and a healthy diet?
What is the difference between antibiotics and medicine?
What is the difference between asteroid and steroid?
What is the difference between flu and pneumonia?
What is the difference between genetic screening and karyotypes?
What is the difference between sickle cell disase and sickle cell anemia?
What is the difference in e-cigs and regular cigarettes?
What is the drug class for ambien cr?
What is the fear of sleeping over someone elses?
"What is the first, most likely medication a psych would prescribe for adhd?"
What is the fluid present in lungs of a new born baby which prevents its collapse ?
What is the gas they use to put patients to sleep?
What is the higher dose of amox tr-k clv?
What is the key to happiness?
What is the life expectancy of a patient with alcoholic liver cirrhosis?
What is the life expectancy of a person who has me/cfs?
"What is the meaning of feeling liver pain for a non alcoholic person,who has fatty liver(bilirubin total = 2mg/dl )?"
What is the medical name for diagnosing health issues by looking at ones finger nails?
What is the medical term for fear of having anal sex?
What is the minimum amount of exercise a man should do to keep healthy and strong enough to prevent weakness?
What is the name of that thing they tell you to open your mouth and bite on when you're in the procedure room to get an endoscopy and colonoscopy?
What is the name of the device in mouth to administer anesthesia?
What is the normal female feritin level?
What is the nutrient deficiency exhibited?
What is the pathway that alcohol takes through the body? What organs are affected?
What is the procedure for tubal ligation?
What is the quickest way to get a flat stomach?
What is the quickest way to lose five pounds?
What is the relationship between heart failure and anemia?
What is the safest but most pleasurable way to have unprotected sex plz help?
"What is the shortest amount of time you can be in inpatient for an eating disorder? Also, what are you allowed to have as far as electronics go?"
What is the symptoms of an anxiety attack?
What is the syndrome when you have to use the bathroom right after you eat?
What is the usual dose of amoxicillin for a 13 year old child?
What is the yellow stuff coming from my sunburn?
What is this itchy patch of bumps near a previous wound?
What is this lump inside my right nostril?
What is this red lump of cheek skin inside my mouth called? I've heard that they are called oral skin tags but i want to make sure?
What is usually called as infertility?
What is worse for your liver - 3 mg of xanax or a 6 pack of beer?
What is worse smoking or eating disorder?
What is your opinion on pro-ana?
What is your opinion on the concept of pro-ana?
What jobs would sickle cell anemia prevent you from being able to work?
What kind of allergies can people have to cancer meds?
"What kind of disorder makes people ""copy"" those around them?"
What kind of doctor do i go to for anal bleeding and clots?
What kind of doctors provide drug recovery help for teenagers?
What kind of food/drink can i have to bring up my iron level?
What kind of headache lasts two weeks?
What kind of pain medication do you recieve after kidney removal?
What kind of shake gives you a good share of vitamins amd proteins?
What kind of skin condition/allergy do i have?
What kind of test is an alt test?
What kinds of questions would a drug and alcohol abuse counselor ask a client?
What laxatives can i take with cipralex?
What lifestyle and genetic factors may lead to developing alzheimers?
What medicine can a pregnant woman take for hay fever that is non drowsy?
What medicine should i take for pain?
What medicines can i take for my anemia ?
What meds am i mostly likely to get prescribed for sleep?
What mental health problems are the result of alcoholism?
What mental illnesses can long-term alcohol abuse cause or increase the risk of?
What minimum dose of aspirin reduces inflammation?
What night time hobby could i do instead of drink alcohol?
What oils can help heal my acne ?
What options do i have about removing a mole/beauty spot at this age?
What other supplements should a teen take?
What problems can amblyopia (aka lazy eye) cause?
What products can be used to lighten dark spots on face?
What real danger does dental amalgam actually pose?
What remedies are there to stop snoring?
What serious problems can a blood test show about a person?
What should i ask my doctor about my persistent infections?
What should i ask the endocrinologist if I have random bruising all over legs?
What should i avoid while taking ofloxacin?
What should i do about an allergic reaction?
What should i do about an allergy attack?
What should i do about my bad breath problem ?
What should i do about my ingrown toenail?
What should i do about my stress-related neck pain/stiffness?
What should i do after being bitten by a dog?
What should i do if i feel suicidal and i think no one really cares about me?
What should i do if my mom gets a heart attack?
What should i do to get rid of a dry cough?
What should i do to stop my constipation.?
"What should i do when feeling ""stuck?"
What should i do with the bed bug problem?
What should i expect from an appointment with a psychiatrist?
What should i major in to work in rehab?
What should i put on it would aloe vera 100% gel be fine or some purpose lotion?
What should im do if i'm allergic to jojoba oil?
What skin problem do i have and how to cure it?
What soft foods to eat after they put on braces?
What specialized cells are involved with iron deficiency anemia?
What stage of alzheimeir's do most people die with?
What steps can i take to help with my own depression?
What style of yoga is known for helping to increase your height?
What sunscreen will not ''tan'' my skin?
What supplement do i need to take or what i need to do to loose fat and get ripped totally without side effects?
What things can a blood test show?
What times should i take amoxicillin?
What to do about a bad sunburn?
What to do about a rash on my left breast?
What to do about a swollen tongue?
What to do about allergies and asthma?
What to do about chemical induced rash?
What to do about dry skin?
What to do about nausea/sore throat caused by allergies?
What to do for a really painful sunburn?
What to do for back pain?
What to do for itchy eyes due to allergies?
What to do for pollen allergies?
What to do if having an asthma attack and do not have an inhaler?
What to do if i feel out of energy while standing in one place for a while?
What to do if swelling and redness apears on genital parts after applying hair removing cream after wax strips?
What to do if you have a sunburn?
What to do if your 2 yrold has scars from an ant bite that happened when he was a yr old? is he allergic to them?
What to do if your friend has an eating disorder?
What to do when it feels like there's a coating over the entire back of my throat?
What to do when someone is a suspect of c diff?
What to do when you feel suicidal?
What to do when your legs are swollen from having sun burn?
What to eat on acai berry diet?
What to expect seeing an allergist?
What to expect when having dental sedation?
What to expect with a ligament repair surgery?
What to put on a peeling sunburn?
What to use for sunburn relief please help!!?
What to use for sunscreen allergy?
What to use instead of bandaids (adhesive allergy)?
What to use to get rid of irritation from wearing pads on period?
What type of aloe vera plant to use (to make skin gel)?
What type of disorder is anemia?
What type of food oil is best for heart?
What type of pain medication is prescribed for adult circumcision?
What type of problems do people with anemia suffer?
What vitamins and minerals am i missing out on if i don't eat bread or pasta?
What vitamins can i take to stay healthy?
What vitamins will help my teeth not be so sensitive?
What was the cause of john d. rockefeller hair loss?
What were to happen if you took 10 allergy pills at once?
What will a high level of vitamin b12 do to me?
What will be the best anaesthetic management for a patient who has to undergo lscs.she is having severe ms?
What will eye drops do if use them after 28 days of opening?
What will happen if i take 2 amox tr-k clv 875-125 mg tablets ?
What will happen if i take more than 6ibuprofen and codeine in 24 hours?
What will happen if you have low hemoglobin?
What will happen when i change my doctor?
"What will make an alcoholic stop without any ""and, if, or but"" responses from them?"
What will make sunburn heal faster?
What will my doctor do if i'm underweight?
What would a nurse observe and monitor in alzheimer's patient ?
What would be a good diet/workout routine for me to gain some muscle mass but not a lot of fat?
"What would be a healthy diet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for 7 days a week?"
What would be a safe allergy relief syrup for a child 0-12months?
What would be a sample menu for a person with pernisious anemia?
What would be better for cramps ibuprofen or aleve?
"What would be the cause of me breaking out (swollen lips, skin rashes) for a month when eating certain foods?"
What would cause an alcoholic to be vomiting up blood and bile?
"What would cause an event that looks like a grand mal seizure, but isn't?"
"What would cause constant fatigue, mental fogginess, depression and numbness?"
What would cause real low blood pressure?
What would happen if i ate poison ivy?
What would happen if i injected the vein in my penis with anabolic steroids?
What would happen if you ate bread mould and are allergic to penicillin?
What would happen if you drank black hair dye?
What would happen if you drink nail polish remover?
What would happen if you got drunk every day for a week?
What would happen if you took allergy pills if you didn't have any allergies?
What would happen if you took sleeping pills with energy pills?
What xanax or other sleeping pill help me at night?
Whats a good age to start wearing tampons?
Whats a good diet which will help me loose weight fast or a way of easy starvation?
What's a good healthy breakfast that will keep you full during the day when dieting?
What's a good treatment for allergic reaction from amoxicillin?
What's a medrol pack?
What's adderall's effects like?
Whats another alternative from having almalgam (silver filling) in your mouth which contains mercury!?
Whats better for sore throats due to colds or being sick?
Whats healthier having one beer every weekend or none?
What's it like being put under?
Whats it like when you are semi conscious through iv sedation?
"What's it's really like before, during, and after getting your wisdom teeth taken out?"
What's iv oral sedation like?
What's like to be put under anesthesia?
What's the best allergy medication that is over the counter?
What's the best allergy pills at walmart or rite aid?
What's the best kind of makeup for cosmetic allergies?
What's the best lube for anal sex?
What's the best thing for a minor burn?
Whats the best thing for getting rid of whiteheads?
What's the best way for me to lose a bit of weight?
Whats the best way to get an ingrown toenail out?
What's the best way to take care of a sunburn?
What's the best way to treat a sun burn?
What's the difference between amd and bad vision?
"What's the difference between asthma, allergic asthma, and allergies?"
Whats the difference between crack and cocaine?
Whats the difference between dexamphetamine and dextropolamine?
What's the difference between fatty liver and elevated liver enzymes?
What's the difference between irritated red eye and pinkeye?
Whats the difference between oxycodone and oxycontin?
Whats the difference between saturated fats and saturates?
"What's the easiest hallucinogenic drug to get, besides weed, that isn't prescription?"
What's the fastest way to get rid of an allergic reaction?
What's the likelihood of getting a herpes std if you know the person your sleeping with has it?
What's the option #2 for an ms patient allergic to steroids?
What's the option for an ms patient who is allergic to steroids?
Whats the use of aeromuc 600mg?
What's the worst thing that could happen with hepatitis?
Whats thedifference between folic acid and vitami b 12?
What's your best way to get rid of pimples and pimple marks?
What's your opinion on coconut oil?
"When a physician examines the vocal cords by laryngoscope, is the patient sedated?"
When are you protected from pregnancy when taking alesse birth control?
When can i drink if i had a alcohol withdrawal i been sober for a month already?
When can i start drinking if i had a alcohol withdrawal? I've been sober for a month already. how much can i drink?
When can i workout again after wisdom teeth removed ?
"When consuming alcohol, what is happening at atomic or molecular level in the brain?"
When do dentists put you on laughing gas for an operation?
When do men stop growing taller ?
When does alcoholic hepatitis (live inflammation from alcohol) occur?
"When i (silently!) fart, my wife sttarts coughing violently to the point of almost vomiting. could this actually be dangerous to her?"
When i blow my nose my mucus is hard. Is this bad?
When i do eat i binge the food what are signs if i have a eating disorder ?
When I drink alcohol I shake really bad and throw up and i cannot sleep. is this a type of alcohol alcohol poisoning?
When i eat chocolate my throat starts to itch and makes me cough. Does this mean I'm allergic?
When i have sex no matter what happen during an after it hurts if he goes to fast.. why is that?
"When i look at light i start to sneeze usually 1-2 times, is this an allergy or what?"
"When i masturbate, my whole body tenses up and my anus clenches shut is this normal?"
When i put my tampon in or feel up there it feels swollen and really tight. sometimes its even hard to put the tampon in. is this normal?
When i sit i get a painful pinching sensation on the right internal stomach. what is it?
"When i swallow something, my ears pop. Why does this happen?"
"When i walk i feel like i am drunk, and my head is dizzy even when i sit. What is it?"
"When i wear pads when im on my period my skin breaks out down there and it itches and hurts, and it doesnt seem to be going away. Any remedies?"
When is it safe to have sex after giving birth?
When is the final growth spurt in a boy?
"When my mother eats cheese or ice-cream she gets a cough, is it allergic rhinitis?"
"When people with alzheimer's forget something, do they ever remember it again?"
When she drinks and threatens to commit suicide is my mum a alcoholic?
When should i consider seeing a doctor for cold?
When should i have a blood test again my test was last friday liver enzymes were high first one was 95? It was ast 95 alt 72 am i ok?
When should i walk on a sprained ankle?
When the stomach stops producing good bacteria is there any way to restart it?
When to go to hospital w/ rectal pain?
When will alesse 21 become 99% effective for me?
When will bloating recede on birth control?
When will i get my period after stopping birth control?
When will my amalgam fillings turn silver?
When will the tinnitus stop (ear infection)?
When you get an ingrown toenail removed is it supposed to hurt?
When you get your teeth cleaned do they use anesthesia(novocaine)?
When you get your wisdom teeth taken out how do they knock you out because im scared of needles :(?
"When you go through an amputation, what does the hospital do with that body part?"
"When you have a seizure, concussion etc, why can't you remember what happened?"
When you pass out from drinking does that mean you had alcohol poisoning?
When you pull out an infected tooth is it still going to be sore?
When you sleep in the heat do you get a stuffy nose?
"Whenever i blink, it hurts under my eye. What could be the problem?"
"Whenever i blink, it starts hurting under my eye. i wear contacts everyday. is that why?"
Whenever i do a poo i see there is blood on my tissue. what does this mean?
Whenever i swallow there is a small pain in the back left side of my mouth and in my left ear. What could this be?
Whens it time to go to the doctor if i have an ovarian cyst?
Where are the first weight loss signs from anorexia?
Where can i buy 500 mg amoxil pills?
Where can i buy aleve pm?
Where can i buy one pair on contact lenses instead of a whole box?
Where can i find a legit place to buy steroids in chicago (online or offline)?
Where can i find an aloe vera gel that is safe to ingest?
Where can i get completely knocked out for my wisdom teeth removal?
Where can i get keralytics in hyderabad for macular amyloidosis?
"Where could i find a low calorie, low fat, high protein diet plan?"
Where do i buy ciplactin?
Where do you place topical anesthesia in the mouth for tooth extractions and fillings?
Where is anaesthesia given for removal of small sebaceous cyst form back?
Where my pain has been for the last month! is there anyway an ovarian cyst can not be detected by an ultrasound?
Where to be tested for borderline personality disorder?
Wheres the best place for mens hair systems?
Which alcoholic drink is safer for bodybuilders?
Which anti depressant should i go for anxiety issues?
Which dental filling procedure is preferable for a chipped tooth?
Which drinks to avoid with high cholesterol?
Which drug is safer in terms of (severe) adverse side effects?
Which is bad for you: grains or saturated fat?
Which is more dangerous: an untreated human bite or an untreated black widow bite?
Which is the best surgical option for female child aged 5 years having inguinal hernia?
Which is worse: heroin or meth?
Which lymphocytes lack specificity for antigen and are cells that attack cancer cells?
Which neuromuscular disease doesnt cause cognitive impairment?
Which nutritional factor does not decrease blood pressure ?
Which otc antihistamine will help me with my allergic reaction to soap?
Which tablet is better for inflammation not infection?
"Which withdrawal symptoms are more extreme - in heroin, crack cocaine or alcohol, in order?"
White mark on toenail when i press down on it but that is it. could it be an ingrown toenail?
"White spot my face side,since 1 year ,i have many pimple in my face,how to remove white spot,plz help?"
Who can I go to for gluten and other food allergy help?
Who do i talk to about contraception?
Who is an example of somebody who recovered their lost memories after suffering from retrograde amnesia?
Why am i allergic to avocados only sometimes?
Why am i allergic to grain products? Is it genetics?
Why am i allergic to raw tomatoes but not cooked?
Why am i always constipated and i'm 18 years old? Used to abuse laxatives when i was younger due to an eating disorder. could i have a serious condition now?
Why am i blowing blood clots out of my nose?
Why am i exhausted even though i get sleep? How do I treat this?
Why am i exhausted even with 8-10 hours of sleep at night?
Why am i getting all these mosquito looking bumps all over my body?
Why am i getting an allergy reaction to my lipgloss?
Why am I having neck and back pain after 4 bypasses?
Why am i nauseas after i eat or drink anything?
Why am i so obsessed with anorexia and being sickly thin?
Why am i so tired after 10-12 hours of sleep?
Why am i so weak 3 days after a blood transfusion?
Why an i now allergic to my rabbit even though I was not before?
Why are bloodd centers asking for double donations of blood and not informing people of the problems?
Why are carriers for sickle cell anemia resistant to malaria?
Why are fatigue and low stamina symptoms of anemia?
Why are iuds considered extremely effective forms of birth control yet so many people get pregnant on them?
Why are limbs amputated in meningitis?
Why are mean drunks diagnosed bipolar?
Why are my allergies out of control when i wake up?
Why are my bms so irregular? How can I regulate them?
Why are my bowel movements so large?
Why are my ear piercings sore and itchy? Could this be a sign of infection?
Why are my eyes burning so bad from allergies?
Why are my eyes watering from jalapeo?
Why are my legs itchy after i get out of the ocean?
Why are my mentrual cramps so painful?
Why are my monthly cycles so short (24 days)?
Why are people addicted to heroin?
"Why are so many people against 12 step programs, like aa?"
Why are some alcoholics so functional?
Why are they delaying my grandma's heart surgery?
Why are you not supposed to eat or drink anything for 6 hours prior to having a general anaesthetic?
Why can i still see a grey shadow where there was a bruise?
Why can't i eat after an upper gi endoscopy?
Why can't i get hard when i'm about to have sex? Is something physically or mentally wrong with me?
Why couldn't doctors do the lapband surgery with only an epidural instead of anesthesia?
Why did i react differently to anesthesia?
Why did my bandaid take the pigment out of my skin?
Why did my doctor tell me i shouldn't smoke pot?
Why do chalk pastels make my fingers swell? But they eventually start feeling normal again. is this possibly an allergy to the pastels?
Why do chronic alcoholics see big spiders chasing them ?
Why do different versions of ambien work less effectively?
Why do doctors use the bmi scale?
Why do epipens need to be administered thru the leg?
Why do grapes stop me from breathing?
Why do i bleed when i have a bowel movement?
Why do i fall asleep every time i lay down?
Why do i feel like i want to spit out my food after i eat it?
Why do i feel like something is stuck on my throat after eating shrimps?
Why do i feel like throwing up after i eat /:?
Why do i feel like throwing up after i eat a meal?
Why do i feel nauseous after taking a pill?
Why do i feel sick or nauseous anytime i ear mayonnaise?
Why do i feel sick or nauseous anytime i eat mayonnaise?
Why do i feel sleepy even after a 10 hour sleep?
Why do i get allergies to specific cats? Is this normal?
Why do i get allergies when i wake up? is it something bad?
Why do i get bitten by mosquitos wayyyyy more than others?
Why do i get congested when i go to certain peoples houses?
Why do i get dizzy whenever i stand up?
Why do i get hives when i drink alcohol?
Why do i get out of breath just from the smallest activities even though i'm healthy?
Why do i get so many cavities when I keep good dental hygiene?
Why do i get so sleepy when i am hungry?
Why do i get so tired during the day? How to get more energy?
Why do i get super hornry during my period?
Why do i get the chills in little spots of my arms ?
Why do i get utis so often? What can I do to prevent this?
Why do i have a scar that i don't remember getting ?
Why do i have chronic constipation now after being anorexic for years?
Why do i have gas after drinking tea?
Why do i have iron anemia when i eat a lot of spinach?
Why do i have random depression and random suicidal thoughts and feeling?
Why do i have severe headaches and it feels like my brain is moving?
Why do i have small bumps around my eye?
Why do i have so much eye boogers when I wake up everyday?
Why do i have the constant need to pee!?
Why do i have to be sedated for wisdom teeth removal?
Why do i have weird bumps on the back of my arms and both elbow itch like crazy help plz!?
Why do i keep getting chest infections and how do i get rid of them?
Why do i keep getting hives?
Why do i keep having psychotic episodes?
Why do i sneeze even though i have no allergies neither is it cold outside?
Why do i sneeze very much in the morning?
Why do i sometimes have tight feelings in my chest when i breathe?
Why do i start wheezing and coughing after eating certain meals?
Why do i still feel tired all the time even after i started sleeping at decent hours?
"Why do i wake up every morning, with excess saliva and bad odor in my mouth?"
Why do i want to sleep in the middle of the day all the time?
Why do i worry about all these things help!!?
Why do men gets more alzheimer's disease than women?
Why do miscarriages happen?
Why do my allergies act up when it is cloudy?
Why do my allergies make me feel like i am high on pain killers?
Why do my arms keep breaking out into rashes?
Why do my extremities hurt when i am overly tired?
Why do my feet hurt when i wake up every morning?
Why do my genitals seem to be shrinking from steroid use?
Why do my lips swell when i eat fruit?
Why do my sinuses feel dry and cause me to swallow?
Why do old people get mental illnesses?
Why do people associate cholesterol with obesity?
Why do people get addicted to drugs and alcohol?
Why do people make strange noises or spastic movements when you tickle them?
Why do people promote eating disorders?
Why do people say it is bad to be an alcoholic?
Why do people say that fasting won't make you lose weight?
Why do people with anorexia receive more sympathy than people with bulimia or binge eating disorder?
Why do so many people mistake anorexia as a diet?
Why do some gynecologists put women under anesthesia for a regular pelvic exam?
Why do some people snore and others don't?
Why do some types of cigars and cigarettes make my neck and face itch?
"Why do they call female circumcision, female genital mutilation, and not call male circumcision, type 1 mgm?"
Why do we get headaches after crying so much?
Why do we have to amputate in type i diebetes?
Why do your eyes get red when you scratch? Where does the redness come from?
Why does aloe burn and sting on my skin?
Why does doing nothing make me tired?
Why does egg make me sick one hour later?
Why does everyone make a big deal about cavities?
Why does hard alcohol make me sick?
Why does it feel like there are needles poking my feet all the time?
Why does moisturizer make my skin break out?
Why does my ambien keep me up at night?
Why does my blood have high sedimentation rate?
Why does my ears itch and turn red when i wear earrings?
Why does my eyesight keep going white?
Why does my heart race after i eat peanut butter on toast?
Why does my metal allergy only affect certain parts of me?
Why does my mouth itch after eating apples?
Why does my mouth taste like metal but there's no blood?
Why does my skin itch after a bath?
Why does my stomach ache and throat itch after eating bananas?
Why does my stomach hurt when i eat a banana on an empty stomach?
Why does my sunburn feel like it's on fire?
Why does my throat itch when i eat bananas?
Why does my vision mess up when my body gets heated ?
Why does one of my eyes hurt all of a sudden when i put my contact lenses in?
Why does pork products make me vomit?
Why does the area around my anus sting for long periods of time randomly when im just walking down the street?
Why does the coconut contain nut allergies when it's not a nut?
Why does the menstrual blood loss make my anemia worse?
Why does the room spin rapidly while i am lying down in the morning?
Why does watermelon or even cucumbers give me such indigestion?
Why does your stomach hurt after you have sex? Is this normal?
Why doesnt clariten work for my allergies?
Why general anesthesia is recommended for young people ?
Why have i always got a blocked nose?
Why have i become intolerant to most alcohol recently?
"Why have i been having diarrhea for the past 8 months, please help! scared :(?"
Why is a gay man more likely to contract hiv than a straight man?
Why is being an alcoholic a bad thing?
Why is being anorexic and bulimic an eating disorder?
Why is brussels sprouts on lists of foods to eat to thin blood and to help with clotting the blood?
"Why is it called ""conscious sedation""?"
Why is it hard to breathe when i eat spicey food?
Why is it so painful for me to think about the past?
Why is it that cutting helps me control my feelings?
Why is it that i have anxiety attacks every single time i think about the guy i like?
Why is it that malaria is common in africa but not in europe. cancer is common in europe but not in africa?
Why is my bottom lip swollen with my bottom braces?
Why is my left breast suddenly growing yet I'm 23?
Why is my memory so bad and what can I do to increase it?
Why is my nose always blocked!? How do I get rid of this?
Why is my skin allergy becoming worse by the moment even after using prescribed medication?
Why is my skin so itchy after tanning?
Why is sex painful when you start out?
Why is that i feel sad and fear when i am alone at home?
Why is there blood when i pass motion?
Why is wheat and bread bad for your health?
Why isn't sex as pleasurable as people say it is?
Why might i still have a productive cough after 6 weeks?
Why shouldn't you eat before sedation?
Why take a multiviatmin without iron if you have anemia?
Why there is tongue swelling in amyloidosis?
Why use cancer agents for amyloidosis?
Why when i drink alcohol i get diarrhea?
Why would a doctor order an a1c in someone that has anemia ?
Why would a person with leukaemia have problems with increased risk of infection?
Why would fatigue be a common symptom for all of the anemias?
Why would someone get tubes in their ears?
Why would someone pass out and start puking after smoking weed?
Why'd i get my period half way through my pills?
"Wife prescribed 300 to 375mg per day medication for fibromyalgia. Is this lethal for a 125lb woman, 41 yrs old?"
Wife was drunk and hit her head in the bathroom sink in the temple area. her eye turned black too. Why did that happen?
Will .25 mg of alprazolam make me fall asleep?
Will 5 months of heavy drinking effect my health permanently?
Will a bladder infection test positive in a urinalysis ?
Will a healthy diet and excercise get rid of zits?
Will a hospital refuse treatment for someone with an undiagnosed chronic illness who is an alcoholic?
Will a person allergic to metal (or the nickel in it) have a reaction to stainless steel ?
Will a root canal hurt more than a filling?
Will alcohol consumption also make my eye condition worse permanently?
Will alcohol make my wet macular degeneration worse?
Will aloe vera help my zits?
Will aloevera help fade my scars?
Will amox-clav 875 treat yeast infections?
Will amoxicillin mess up my drug test?
Will an ovarian cyst delay my period?
Will anal loving cause incontinence later in life?
Will antibiotics affect my birth control?
Will applying a wet tea bag to a rash help heal it?
Will being diagnosed with an anxiety disorder affect your job opportunities?
Will concerta (alza 18) show up on a drug test?
Will cypress oil keep my hands from sweating?
Will drinking a lot on lexapro effect me strongly?
Will drinking alcohol affect my wound healing?
Will ephedra show as amphedimine in a drug test?
Will ephedrine show up on a drug test?
Will exercising young stop me from growing?
"Will exercising, drinking tons of water, & taking cranberry pills pass my drug test?"
Will freezing temperatures affect amoxicillin?
Will herpes virus show within a week in blood if you have an outbreak at the time of the test?
Will i be able to drive a couple hours after general anesthesia?
Will i be able to gain weight with anabolic steroids?
Will i be knocked unconscious for getting teeth pulled out?
"Will i become an alcoholic if I drink every week? I feel like there's no way out, how do i fix this problem?"
Will i eventually grow out of adhd?
Will i gain drastic weight when i stop taking herbalife?
Will i gain weight by eating chocolate 3 times a week?
Will i get a rash on my boob from a yeast infection?
Will i get hiv through protected sex?
Will i lose weight eating 180-400 calories per day?
Will i lose weight when i stop taking lexapro and quetiapine?
Will i need a wheelchair following double knee arthroscopy?
Will i need to ask my doctor if i can eat aloe vera leaves or not?
Will it hurt when the dentist takes my molars out?
Will jack3d micro show on drug test?
Will lens implant surgery be an improvement over contact lenses?
Will living a vegetarian diet without iron supplements make me infertile successfully?
Will lube prevent pink sock from happening during anal sex?
Will mhmr help me with withdrawals?
Will morphine and ambien kill me?
Will multiple sclerosis ever be curable?
Will my anus tighten back up after anal sex?
Will my cutting scars ever fade/go away?
"Will my facial scar fade, or is it permanent?"
Will my legs be fine the next day?
Will my seasonal allergies act up while traveling europe?
Will my wife be okay if she doesn't take her last 4(2 days) of alprazolam?
Will one tiny slice of birthday sponge cake make a difference to my weight?
Will taking a benadryl before eating dairy stop my mild allergic reaction?
Will taking allergy medication cause memory loss?
Will taking ambien in the middle of the day still put me to sleep?
Will taking penicillin for 7 days effect my sperm production?
Will taking pepto bismol stop the diharea that is a result of laxative?
Will the anesthesia for hip replacement make me sleep or not feel the pain?
Will the emergency room take out an ingrown toenail?
Will the pain of the talking for methadone cold turkey ever end?
Will there ever be a cure for alcoholism?
Will vaseline aloe fresh cure&heal my sun burn?
"Will vitamin e ointment, olive oil, and aloe gel speed up my sunburn healing process?"
Will yoga help me lose weight? In order to make a difference how often would i have to do it?
Will your baby have peanut allergies if you eat peanuts while pregnant?
Wisdom teeth coming out next week so scared? And after 7 day he will remove 2 (one at the top the second on the bottom) with local anesthesia how bad will it be ?
"Wisdom teeth surgery, what to expect?"
Wisdom tooth extraction tomorrow.. only local anesthetics will be used right?
"Wisdom tooth infection getting worse, can you please help?"
Wisdom tooth removal and recovery time?
Wisdome teeth: when should i get them out?
Woke up in the middle of the night with a runny nose and scratchy throat. Is there anything i can take for this?
Wondering if i can eat nuts will it ruin my teeth amd get stuck on my braces?
Worst case scenario for infected cut on the torso/neck?
Would 200 mg of ambien kill me?
Would aloe vera gel be good for my skin?
Would anyone be able to tell me the difference between inflammatory response and immune response please?
Would anything happen if i take allergy pills and i have no allergies?
Would drinking alcohol 4 days prior to general anesthesia cause complications?
Would filling my room with steam help relieve me of allergies?
Would getting 4 teeth pulled for braces change the structure of your face?
Would heat affect a medication's reaction to the body?
Would high blood pressure meds at very low does cause sexual problems?
Would i be a total nerd to wait until my gardasil vaccine has taken effect to have vaginal sex?
Would i be considered an alcoholic when i only want to drink a lot when stressed?
Would it be bad to drink alcohol while on amoxicillin?
Would it be bad to take diphenhydramine before having anesthesia?
Would it be ok to take diphenhydramine before going under anesthesia?
Would it be ok.if.i.take ambien?
Would it be worth going to the doctor for my severe mosquito bites?
Would it hurt if you amputated a limb with frostbite?
Would my sexual health blood test have picked up anemia?
Would one xanax 0.5 mg last me to go out for dinner?
Would something happen to the stitches or to my teeth if i drink wine or some alcoholic beverage?
Would the catarct surgery be safe amd improve eye sight ?
Would toning exercises make my boobs smaller?
"Would you consider someone under 200 but over 150 to be overweight or obese, regardless of bmi amd other medical type measurements?"
Would you know if the blood clot fell out after a tooth extraction?
Would you know if you're allergic to a type of tea just by sniffing it up close or touching it?
Would you recommend xanax to those who suffer from insomnia?
Xanax and strep throat. Does xanax work like this?
Yeast infection and I need help! What meds do I need?
Yellow discharge during 12 th week of pregnancy. Could this be serious?
"Yellowish vaginal discharge with bad smell, what could this be?"
Yes i want to know if aristocilin ampicillina 500mg is for sore throat and if not what will you recommend that is effective?
"Abdomen pain, for 7 days pain going to my back, should I go to er or urgent care?"
About 5 months ago i sprained my ankle falling down the stairs and now ankle every pne and then. is this normal?
"Acne than i've ever had before, cravings, was quite anxious and jumpy, and felt sick. is this just my body adjusting from being on birth control?"
Advice from anxiety/panic attack sufferers?
After dramatic weight loss i don't have much of an appetite. Is this normal? Will I get it back?
After i poop my anus remains outside. What is this called?
After i throw-up i start to have stomach aches like i'm gonna throw up again. why?
After undergoing appendix and hernia surgery(in men) how long should one wait before involving in intercourse?
"Age 22, living alone - can i still be prescribed an antidepressant?"
Alcohol causing sleep disruption - could it be sleep apnea?
All day everyday my whole life im sleepy. why?
"All i want is to get over social anxiety disorder, but i don't know how?"
Almost my entire life has been a mess! what do i do?
Always has a headache and my great-grandmother died of an aneurysm. i am seriously worried. what could it be?
Am getting depressed and always making my eyes to get wet. Why is this?
"Anorexia recovery - when you have to eat 2500 calories a day, how much weight do you gain in a week?"
"Anti-depressant causing horrible stomach cramps, what can I do?"
Antidepressant for someone underage?
"Antidepressants have destroyed my appetite, what do i do?"
"Anus clenches after every spirt of sperm when i masturbate, is this normal?"
"Anus ripping, extreme bleeding, help me please!!?"
"Anxiety attack and not knowing why, is that possible ?"
Anxiety really affecting my life. i've also been on a dopamine drug. what should i do?
"Anxiety treatments over the counter, does anything really help?"
Any advice for a recovering anorexic?
Any advice on how to deal with stress?
Any cold home remedies that work?
"Any good, natural home remedies that help prevent or get rid of acne?"
Any home remedies for athlete foot?
Any home remedy for toothache?
Any ideas for relieving broken ankle pain?
Any ideas on how to ease random bouts of anxiety?
Any medical reason that prevents me from eating or liking most food?
Any natural way or pills to increase willpower?
"Any residental rehab centers in tx for eating disorders, cutting, etc. how to tell my parents?"
Any time i am outside even when i wear sunblock i break out in a itchy red rash. anyone any ideas plz?
Any tips for sticking with anxiety techniques?
Any tips on treating sebaceous cyst with antibiotics?
Any tips or tricks on getting rid of blackheads in your nose ?
Any tips to help stop binging and set a good example for my children?
Any treatment for gall bladder stone without operation?
Aortic arch aneurysm what tests do you need to diagnose this is there more than one if so what?
"Aortic regurgitation, what are some pathological reasons that would explain this phenomenon?"
Apparently i have 'rapid cycling bi-polar disorder' - are there any natural aids?
"Appendicitis vs kidney stone pain, how to distinguish them?"
Appendix removed a few days ago now pain under ribs on right hand side. Help?
Appetite has increased so i was wondering if the antidepressants I'm taking had anything to do with that?
Are aneurysm's hereditary?
Are anti depressant medications considered psychostimulants?
Are antibiotics good for you? I heard this rumor if you are on antibiotics and you do exercise you can damage your kidneys?
Are antidepressants addictive/do people abuse office visits to get them?
Are antidepressants effective in low weight anorexic patients?
Are antidepressents safe and what are safe alternatives?
Are antipsychotics safe?
"Are anxiety symptoms worse when you're near ""that time of the month?"
Are any medications for treating mental illness placebos?
Are bacilli bacteria harmful?
Are blueberries good to apply on acne?
Are crackers good for a weight loss diet?
Are cramps and discharge normal after taking azithromicin for chlamydia ?
Are depersonalization & derealization some of the symptom of panic attack and is the panic disorder?
Are doctors accountable for causing a patient to stay in pain by not giving out pain meds?
Are external hemorrhoids always itchy and painful ?
Are infections treated differently depending on where the infection is ?
Are most first time cold sore outbreaks usually big?
Are my diet and weight keeping my sex drive low and my hormones out of whack?
Are panic attacks and anxiety attacks the same thing?
Are people who tell others that they are going to kill themselves seeking attention?
Are psychiatrists more likely to prescribe a benzodiazepine for anxiety?
Are shocks in chest an anxiety symptom?
Are sleeping disorders apnea consequence of pneumonia?
Are sociopaths ashamed of being a sociopath?
Are spicy foods bad for anxiety disorders?
Are stainless steel crowns safe to put on a 2 year old?
Are there anti depressants for teens?
Are there any anti anxiety pills i can get over the counter?
Are there any anti-anxiety medicines that do not lower respiration?
Are there any cheap anti fungal toenail treatments/ medication?
Are there any drugs to combat social anxiety?
Are there any effective exercises to lose inner thigh fat?
Are there any exercises to make my ankles thinner?
Are there any medications that can help with anger or mood swings?
Are there any online support group for anorexia?
Are there any pills that i can get at walgreens or target that work like anti depressants?
Are there any temporary financial assistance programs for people with social anxiety disorder?
Are there any tips on infected tonsils?
Are there any ways to help prevent bruxism?
Are there any ways to treat depression on your own?
Are there certain psychological ways of mind where people don't feel emotion (good or bad)?
Are there certain supplements or vitamins or nutrient that i can take to lose excessive water in my body?
Are there medicines that reduce nausea brought on by anxiety?
Are there natural alternatives to antidepressants?
Are there symptoms that obviously make you seem like you have anxiety?
Are there therapists for teens that specialize in drug treatment?
Are there ways to reduce belly fat apart from exercising?
Are you anorexic if you eat 450 calories a day?
Are you supposed to skip school if you have mono?
Aren't there certain types of mental illness that are risk factors for being violent?
As a nurse what should i observe in a patient with aphasia?
As far as i know depression recurs in most of the cases if medicines are discontinued. why is this so?
Asthma and sleep apnea?
"At the corner of my mouth there's a sore, what can I use to remove it?"
At what age do doctors have to keep information confidential?
At what bmi will my periods return after being anorexic?
Bad pain down my side! How do I figure out what it is?
Because i might have an infected cut and i don't want to go to the doctor to check it out; can i just use the ketoconazole for it?
Been prescribed doxycycline but didnt have chlamydia?
"Berry capsules. they say that these berries have more antioxidants in them than any other fruit, is this true?"
Best allergy pills for clogged ears ?
Best an quickest way to get rid/prevent of blackheads?
Best anti-depressant for bipolar disorder?
Best home remedy for major worry/anxiety?
Best otc sleeping pill for 5 hour flight?
Best regime for oily skin?
Best way to deal with mouth ulcers ?
Best way to lose weight for a 16 years old teenager?
Best work out routine/regimen for male (22)?
"Big chunks of dead skin peeling off my toes, what should I do?"
"Bitten by dog - urgent care? Washed the wounds out with soap & water, applied badnages & antibiotic ointment. urgent care worthy, do you think?"
Blackheads- how to stop or remove them?
Blister from bun.. what should i do?
Blister type big pimple on vagina lips..please need advise!?
Blood in my stool after having appendix removed. Is this normal?
"Boyfriend is bipolar, what is the best way to help him and or cope with it myself?"
"Breakthrough bleeding for the first time, what does it mean?"
Broke my nose last night its bent out of shape cant push it back is it better to die than have a crooked nose?
Can a 1 yr old take loratadine?
Can a bladder infection cause lower right side pain?
Can a brain aneurysm develop over 3 month?
Can a caring person please help me with anger management?
Can a doctor miss a fungal infection or yeast infection on penis three times?
Can a doctor refuse to see a patient?
Can a hard cough cause a brain aneurism?
Can a health professional or anybody in the know how please help me figure out a blood flow pathway for this?
Can a hernia go away on its own?
Can a hiv antibody test detect after 10 months since exposure?
Can a huge ammount of stress cause someone to throw up blood?
Can a lady suffering from ankylosing spondylitis have a baby without any danger of child suffering from same?
Can a male get herpes if he performs oral sex on a female that has no signs?
Can a minor buy over the counter depression pills?
Can a minor receive anxiety medication without parental consent in california?
Can a pediatrician prescribe antidepressants?
"Can a person be bulimic, overweight and not bulimic for reasons to do with weight?"
Can a person with undiagnosed and ignored 'borderline personality disorder' be a danger to others?
Can a sinus congestion cause hearing loss?
Can a sinus infection cause sore breasts?
Can a skinny person be ok on a ten day water fast?
Can a skinny woman have naturally large breasts without having had a baby?
Can a splinter cause an infection if it has been removed?
Can a therapist cure anxiety disorder with just helping someone with working on it?
Can a therapist cure anxiety disorder?
Can a vomiting bug be prevented completely?
Can acai berry pills go out of date?
Can alcohol make you depressed if you're taking anti-depressants?
Can allergies develop suddenly?
Can an ankle sprain take two days to set in?
Can an ankle sprain turn into a break if not treated?
Can an anorexia survivor still have children?
Can an anorexic ever become obese?
Can an anxiety attack cause vomiting?
Can an anxiety attack delay your period?
Can an appendicitis be misdiagnosed for 2 years?
Can an increased dosage of an antidepressant cause anxiety?
Can an infected wisdom tooth cause your lip to swell?
Can an infected wound heal without antibiotics?
Can an old head injury cause someone to have a short temper?
Can anaphylactic shock kill me?
Can anger cause major depression?
Can anorexia be good for anyone in some sort of way?
Can anorexia be good for you?
Can anorexia halt a woman's menstrual cycle for three months straight?
Can antacids make you or cause you to gain weight or lose weight?
Can antacids raise your blood pressure?
Can anti depressants help to make you feel more confident?
Can anti fungal treatment make your nails look worse?
Can anti-anxiety make me gain weight?
Can antibiotics affect your menstrual cycle?
Can antibiotics cause an increase in blood sugar levels?
Can antibiotics cause yeast infections?
Can antibiotics for a sinus infection make the birth control depo shot ineffective?
Can antibiotics increase anxiety in some people?
Can antibiotics interfere with weight loss?
Can antibiotics stop my bleeding from birth control?
Can antidepressants cause heart attacks?
Can antidepressants cause missed/late periods?
Can antidepressants cause venous leak?
Can anti-depressants have negative long term effects?
Can anxiety attacks cause weakness in left arm?
"Can anxiety attacks, major depression and bi-polar have a negative effect on your parenting skills?"
Can anxiety be developed over time?
Can anxiety be related to high blood pressure or other physical ailments?
Can anxiety cause a constant hypnagogic like state when trying to fall asleep?
Can anxiety cause a fear of having brain tumor?
Can anxiety cause chest pain?
Can anxiety cause extreme body twitching?
Can anxiety cause extreme difficulty thinking or trying to concentrate on your own thoughts?
Can anxiety cause headaches?
Can anxiety cause loss of coordination and clogged ears?
Can anxiety cause muscle weakness?
Can anxiety cause numbness in legs?
Can anxiety cause pain in the chest?
Can anxiety cause stabbing pains all over the body?
Can anxiety cause you to imagine pain?
Can anxiety cause your period to come late?
Can anxiety cling on things very easily?
Can anxiety disorder cause headaches?
Can anxiety disorder make you have loss of appetite and restless sleep?
Can anxiety grow that much to cause physical pain?
Can anxiety have you thinking that you are going to die?
Can anxiety make it difficult to think or concentrate?
Can anxiety make you feel as though something is in your eye?
Can anxiety make you feel like you are dying?
Can anxiety make you have loss of appetite and restless sleep?
Can anxiety make you have nausea all the time?
Can anxiety make you have weird thoughts?
Can anxiety make you think you are going to die even when you are not having a panic attack?
Can anxiety make you think you are going to die everyday?
Can anxiety make you think you are going to die or can it make you die?
Can anxiety meds help avoidant personality disorder?
Can anxiety or heartburn cause a chest to look swollen?
Can anxiety problems cause my period to stop?
"Can anxiety, depression and panic attacks cause physical pain?"
"Can anybody tell me about this antidepressants? Its called fluoxetine hcl 20 mg, what are the pros and cons?"
Can anyone give me information about crepitus in my ankles?
Can anyone tell me about anxiety disorders?
Can appendicitis hurt the lower left side of my abdomin?
Can appendicitis pain to be so mild that it is almost unnoticeable?
Can appendicitis turn into mono?
Can applying liquid acidophilus directly to skin help treat a candida rash?
Can athletes foot lead to other infection?
Can bad anxiety cause ibs?
Can being bipolar and on antipsychotics cause false readings on a polygraph?
Can being overweight and not eating right cause someone to be tired all the time?
Can being really stressed out give you stomach issues?
Can being stressed and sick delay your period?
Can being under weight cause muscle and chest pain?
Can bipolar dissorder be orientated with anxiety?
Can bipolar people live normally without meds?
Can bladder infection cause brown discharge?
Can bruising come and go because of a sprained ankle?
Can chocolate be healthy?
Can cipro cause diabetes?
Can coeliac disease be triggered by antibiotics?
"Can cold sweats be an indication for seizures, because i am an epileptic?"
"Can constant anxiety, stress and depression kill off brain cells or cause brain disease?"
Can dehydration cause stomach upset?
Can depersonalization last forever?
Can depo cause anxiety attacks?
Can depression be controlled or not?
Can depression eventually go away?
Can depression give you stomach aches?
Can depression make me irregular on my period?
"Can depression, or stress, or exhaustion, or antidepressants and stuff affect the type of erection you can get?"
Can depression/ocd/antidepressants cause severe headaches?
Can drinking while on antidepressants cause a deeper depression..?
Can eating cause aggravation to grumbling appendicitis?
Can eating disorders come simply out of want to look better?
Can eating only fruit itself cause diabetes?
Can echinacea clear skin rash caused by a yeast infection?
Can fat people become anorexic?
Can fresh grapefruit or juice interact with paxil and/or lamictal?
Can getting out of a long relationship into a new one cause temporary anxiety?
Can getting tonsils removed cure sleep apnea?
Can having a kidney infection delay your period?
Can having a pet such as a dog help with social anxiety?
Can having anxiety attacks for a year cause damage to my heart ?
Can having anxiety attacks for a year cause damage to my heart at all?
Can heart disease cause fatigue and sleeping 18 hours a day?
Can heart pressure/pain be a symptom of anxiety?
Can hormones have something to do with my bf anger issues?
Can hospitals help with anxiety attacks?
Can hydrogen peroxide be used to reduce under eye dark circles?
Can hypothyroidism be a cause for onset anxiety and depression symptoms and why?
"Can i ask for a certain anti depressant from the psychiatrist? Instead of just being started off on prozac or celexa, could i ask for wellbutrin?"
Can i ask for open surgery as opposed to laprascopic?
Can I ask my doc about switching to benzos instead of these disgusting ssri's?
Can i ask to have my appendix out if i am having my gallbladder out anyway?
Can i be depressed for no reason?
Can i be excused from a speech in class if i have an anxiety disorder?
Can i break selokin xl 50mg tablet into two and use as 25mg tablet a day?
Can i brush my teeth with just water?
Can i buy over the counter anxiety medication?
Can i catch a disease from touching someone's unlit cigarette they ask me to hold for a sec?
Can i change my brand of antibiotics without consulting a doc?
Can i clean my belly piercing with ivory soap?
Can i continue my intensive exercise regimen the day after a small surgical procedure?
Can i develop a brain aneurysm 6 months after a ct scan?
Can i do some lacrosse practice with a fractured ankle?
Can i donate blood if i took valtrex and antibiotic?
Can i drink on antibiotics and if so whats best?
Can i drink whilst taking antidepressants?
Can i eat cheetos on the same day i had antibiotics?
Can i get a primary doctor to give me anti depressants?
Can i get a repeat prescription from a different doctor?
Can i get anti depression medicine in a drug store or do i have my doctor to say i need this kind of medicine?
Can i get antidepressants at age 16 without parental consent?
Can i get antidepressants without parents permision?
Can i get anti-sepressants before i get a prescription?
Can i get citalopram on a repeat prescription?
Can i get hiv through swallowing an ecstasy pill?
Can i get on disability for depression and social anxiety?
Can i get sick or die from smelling the foul odor of human feces?
Can i get sick whilst taking antibiotics?
Can i get something to calm my nerves before my op?
Can i give blood while taking antibiotics?
Can i go for a run with an ankle brace on?
Can i go out for dinner hours after my wisdom tooth extractions?
Can i go to the doctors for anxiety attacks?
Can i go to the er for derealization and these weird feelings?
Can i have arthritis in one leg at a young age?
Can i have sex on the pill and antibiotics?
Can i have strep throat and a cold at the same time?
Can i keep losing weight by barely eating?
Can i lose 1 stone in a month?
Can i lose 20 pounds in 2 weeks with water and lemon juice?
Can i make my eyesight better somehow!!?
Can i play sports in my fractured ankle and does icing it help?
Can i put a bandage over antibiotic cream?
Can i put orajel on my toothbrush?
Can i put orajel on the inside of my mouth?
Can i repair my body from living an unhealthy lifestyle?
Can i smoke weed while taking antihistamines?
Can i start antibiotics today after drinking last night?
Can i still dance on a sprained ankle?
Can i still take a diuretic if im taking raspberry ketones?
Can i stop taking lexapro after one day?
Can i stop taking my antibiotics after 1 tablet?
Can i stop taking my antibiotics after 6 days?
"Can i substitute chia or flax seeds instead of 1,000 mg of fish oil?"
Can i sue after having an epidural and i still have back pains?
Can i sue my pharmacist and one other worker for emotional trauma that caused a full bloom anxiety attack?
Can i take a 24 hr claritin if earlier today i took a 4 hr sudafed pe?
Can i take a laxative while on antibiotics?
Can i take a thrush tablet whilst on the pill?
Can i take an antibiotic right after oral sex if i believe i was infected?
Can i take antibiotics after i have finished my 7 vaccines ?
"Can i take aspirin,antacids, & other nonprescription drugs inboard plane?"
Can i take benadryl until my zyrtec really kicks in?
Can i take clenbuterol for weight loss?
Can i take codliver oil and prenatal vitamins?
Can i take flucloxacillin capsules to get rid of tooth infection?
Can i take kava kava while on an antidepressant?
Can i take magnesium same time with vitamin b12?
Can i take meds and energy drinks at the same time?
Can i take my tragus out now on antibiotics?
Can i take old antibiotics for my sore throat?
Can i take pain killers like paracetamol or ibuprofen with anti-depressants?
Can i take tylenol pm or simply sleep for allergies?
Can i take uti antibiotics (cipro) and use canesten (yeast infection cream) at the same time. or should i wait?
Can i take valerian root pill if i already take effexor?
Can i take valium before dental extraction?
Can i take zyrtec (antihistamine for allergies) and dayquil (cold/flu medicine) together?
Can i tell if it's gas or if i need to take an antacid or what i need to do?
Can i use a boot cast for sprained ankle?
"Can i use antibacterial creams for penis odour, and if so what types?"
Can i use bactroban ointment (2% mupirocin) to treat/ help genital hsv?
Can I use neosporin on stitches?
Can i use veet for men on my butt crack and anus?
Can i use warm water and salt for an enema?
Can implantation bleeding resemble a period?
Can injections cause anaphylactic shock?
Can internal bleeding cause endometriosis?
Can iron pills give me my period?
Can it lead to prostate cancer or any testicle related disease?
Can ketoconazole treat wound infection?
Can licking vagina & anus and intake of vaginal fluids can cause hiv or any stds?
Can little to no meals during the day cause anxiety attacks?
Can lung cancer be missed on a chest x-ray?
Can masturbation be caused by ankylosing spondylitis?
Can medicine affect your vaginal fluids?
Can men have an epidural ?
Can minors buy antidepressants?
Can missing anti depressants affect you?
Can monistat cure a urinary tract infection ?
Can my anxiety disorder eventually go away?
Can my anxiety make it hard to think straight?
Can my company fire me if i have attention deficit?
Can my dad take antibiotics forever since he has a gangrene toe?
Can my daughter get sick again while taking antibiotics?
Can my depression and stress cause my period to be late?
Can my doctor and my parents force medication on me?
Can my employers sack me for poor performance because of depression?
Can my family doctor put me on anti depressants?
Can nootropic rx drugs be used in patients who also have epilepsy?
Can nootropics be used in epilepsy?
Can nystatin triamcinolone be used to treat scabies?
Can ocd be cured or can go away?
Can olive oil be used as a body moisturizer?
Can one have borderline personality disorder and antisocial personality disorder?
Can one pass out from an anxiety attack?
Can one succesfully get off the benzodiazpine lorazepam against anxiety?
Can one use valtrex for bronchitis?
Can panic attacks last for 3 weeks and counting?
Can panic disorder cause ocd?
Can penicillin somehow cause antibiotics zithromax and ceftriaxone not to work?
Can penicillin treat a yeast infection?
Can people die from an unruptured aortic aneurysm?
Can people with sleep apnea get a caregiver?
Can pins and needles and twitching be caused by anxiety?
Can pneumonia make you have severe stomach pain?
Can pollen make your nose stuffy?
Can protein shakes cause tingly feeling in anus?
Can psychologist and others in the mental health field be on depressive and or anxiety medications themselves?
"Can really bad stomach pains, like cramps come because of anxiety?"
Can recovered anorexics still be slim or lean?
Can saliva transmit hiv? Is cold and fever symptoms of hiv?
Can seasonal allergies cause high blood pressure. please help?
Can sex cause a uti to become worse even while taking antibiotics?
Can smoking meth cause a burst aneurysm. my sister recently passed away from subarachnoid hemorrhage.?
"Can smz/tmp ds 800 mg/160mg be used for bronchitis, sines, or upper respiratory infections?"
Can some antidepressants make you lose your hair?
Can somebody die from getting their appendix removed?
Can somebody explain trepanning in a way that i can understand it?
"Can somebody help me find clean, healthy, and cheap lunch ideas?"
Can somebody help me with my panic or anxiety attacks please?
Can someone explain the implications of liver disease for a person taking anticonvulsants?
Can someone give me a list of items someone with pancreatitis can eat?
Can someone give me advice on how to handle my depression?
Can someone give me some pointers on how to eat healthy?
Can someone help me i'm having a panic attack because i'm getting dumped?
Can someone literally be nocturnal?
Can someone live with a mental illness without seeing a doctor about it?
Can someone please distinguish the differences between a vascular response (to inflammation) and systemic reactions. wouldn't one lead to the other?
Can someone please me get rid of this anxiety and depression?
Can someone please simplify the meaning of anxiety disorder?
Can someone please tel me a quick cure for jock itch please? Its soo itchy would it get cured within a period of time without a period of time ?
Can someone tell me how i would explain negative feedback in breathing?
Can someone tell me what can i do to burn the fat around my tummy and hips quickly?
Can someone with mild anxiety work with children?
Can stress and anxiety cause itching?
Can stress cause a cold?
Can stress cause you to lose weight even if you keep eating the same?
Can stress make your period come sooner?
Can survivors or a ruptured brain aneurysm live a normal life after medical treatment?
Can symptoms from panic attacks last for days?
Can tachychardia and high blood pressure be caused by a social anxiety disorder?
Can tachychardia and high blood pressure be caused by anxiety and stress ?
Can taking antihistamines beforehand prevent death due to anaphylaxis?
Can taking birth control cause your anxiety or depression to worsen and give you horrible mood swings?
Can taking citalopram 20mg give me muscle spasms and twitches?
"Can taking depakote, cymbalta, vistaril, and invega together in large amounts kill me?"
Can tea tree oil be used directly on the penis to help treat a yeast infection?
Can teenagers get angina?
Can teens have clogged arteries?
Can tetracaine hydrochloide eye drops be used for pink eye?
Can the antibiotic nitrofurantoin mono 100mg effect the pregnancy gestational diabetes glucose test?
Can the grapefruit and egg white diet help burn thigh fat?
Can the pharmacy give placebos?
Can the pill cause urine infection symptoms?
Can these antibiotics cause a delay in a monthly cycle?
Can they tell if something is wrong with your appendix through a blood test?
Can throat dryness cause a lot of bleeding for almost a month?
Can tinnitis cause a feeling of swelling on the side of the head?
Can tmj cause sharp shooting nerve like pains in the ear and around the ear? Or does it only cause dull aches?
Can too much exercise seriously lead to a heart attack?
Can too much stress kill you ?
Can topamax cause depression or anxiety?
"Can tylenol ""simply sleep"" knock you unconscious?"
Can using an enema cause me to get a bladder infection?
Can using antibiotics keep me away from gym?
Can using your voice often cause or worsen a throat infection?
Can vitamin b12 deficiency cause depression in elderly?
Can washing hands too much with antibacterial handsoap lead to vitiligo?
Can yeast infections in the vagina spread to the anus?
"Can you ask your doc to prescribe a lesser known antidepressant, one not advertised on tv?"
Can you be anorexic and keep your same boob size?
Can you be bulimic and anorexic at the same time?
Can you be experiencing anxiety even if you don't really feel like you are?
Can you become depressed while on anti-depressants?
Can you break your foot by falling down the stairs?
Can you break your foot by falling off the monkey bars and landing on one foot?
Can you break your foot by jumping off stairs?
Can you buy antidepressants in shops?
Can you catch mononucleosis from kissing?
Can you chew gum if you have appendicitis?
Can you contract herpes from only contact with your testicles?
Can you die from mono?
Can you drink green tea while on antibiotics ?
Can you drink protein shakes without working out?
Can you eat a minimal amount and still be healthy?
Can you eat an ice cream sandwich with braces on?
Can you eat bananas while being on ciprofloxacin?
Can you feel anxiety symptoms even when you're not panicking?
Can you fracture your ankle without swelling?
Can you get a heart attack from anxiety?
Can you get a stroke or a brain aneurysm from dead lifting or weightlifting?
Can you get antibiotics over the counter?
Can you get blisters/sores with yeast infection?
Can you get diseases from your toilet water at home?
Can you get genital herpes by giving fellatio?
Can you get heroin in your system through second hand smoke?
Can you get herpes with out getting touched in a certain area?
Can you get more sick while taking antibiotics for bronchitis?
"Can you get muscle spasms in your ankle? If so, will it make your ankle hurt with pressure and throb, when not moving it?"
Can you get strep throat again after being infected by a carrier?
Can you get tonsillitis from a small kiss on the lips or only french kissing?
Can you give me courage to end watching pornography?
Can you have a panic or anxiety attack from a trauma even if you are mentally healthy?
Can you have a sinus infection with no symptoms aside from pain and pressure?
Can you have abdominal aortic aneurysn at age 17 male?
Can you have anerexia nervosa even if you're not skinny?
Can you have appendicitis without a fever?
Can you have bpd and depressive disorder?
Can you have physical anxiety symptoms without being anxious?
Can you have strep throat for over a week when you got antibiotics right away?
Can you have withdrawal from not cutting?
Can you make yourself sick by overthinking things?
Can you pass out from an anxiety attack?
Can you put on 2-3 pounds of muscle in a month?
Can you randomly develop celiac disease?
Can you shower when you have an ear infection?
Can you smoke with histoplasmosis?
Can you still be healthy and lose weight at 900 calories a day?
Can you still get racing obsessive worries with borderline personality disorder?
Can you swallow after tonsil removal?
Can you take benzos for anxiety when you are taking a mood stabilizer?
Can you take clindamycin antibiotic for bronchitis or cold?
Can you tell me some ways to get my anger out?
Can you tell me your story of how you got over your anxiety & depression?
Can you train body to be less susceptible to colds?
Can you use any anti fungal stuff on any fungal infection? For example: could the spray you use on athletes foot be used to cure another fungal infection such as thrush?
Can you use garlic for pinworms?
Can you use monistat as a suppository and take acidophilus orally at the same time?
Can you use silver sulfadiazine cream on burning rashes around bikini area?
Can your body break down a whole peanut in the shell?
Can your heart and breathing feel weak when having anxiety?
Can your heart stop when catching an anxiety attack ?
Can your immune system clear up antibiotic resistant gonorrhea?
Can zyprexa kill you over time?
"Can, and why, does my aphasia severely affect the heat?"
Cannot ejaculate because of paxil. please help?
"Can't sleep cause keep choking on mucus, keep swallowing but it keeps coming back. What can I do?"
Can't stop peeing for days after sex. What is the problem?
"Cat scratch on bum, should i go to doctor?"
Causes & remedies for a dry nose?
Centipede bit me!!!!!!help could it be poisonous?
"Chest pain and lightheadedness with pneumonia, what should I do?"
"Claritin d is making me feel so weird, what should I do?"
"Clozole cream not getting rid of my jock itch,does anyone know of alternative effective creams?"
Coconut oil benefits for health?
Cold sore at tip of tongue! how do i get it off?
Constant nausea with no cause. Who should I see about this?
Constantly feeling uncomfortable. i just read it is possible i have appendicitis. any thoughts?
Constipation: will the bowel eventually empty or just stay inside and kill?
Control and im always scared. what meds work good for anxiety?
Could a 14 year old have angina?
Could a nodule on your thyroid cause you any medical problems?
Could a primary care doctor prescribe/treat my anxiety/depression or do i have to see a psychiatrist?
Could a short period of anorexia/bullimia have permanently stunt my growth?
Could anxiety cause me never to go into deep sleep?
Could appendicitis be chronic?
Could appendix rupture from intense running?
Could i be anorexic even though i look like a healthy weight?
Could i be fired for being out too much because of severe pms which i actually think could be pmdd?
Could i be hallucinating the smell of blood and taste of blood because i miss self harming so much?
Could i carry herpes and pass it on if i have slept around a bit?
Could i drink alcohol its been 8 days since i got operated from my appendix?
Could i have anorexia and binge eating disorder and bulemia?
Could i have caused permanent damage to my brain because of my extremely high stress/anxiety?
Could i lose weight by eating a kind of anorexic diet?
Could laxatives be causing my physical symptoms?
Could my boyfriend have spread chlamydia to me?
Could my hookah have been poisoned with anthrax?
Could my mind have blocked out sexual abuse that happened to me when i was 13?
Could my uti have came back from not taking my antibiotic as doctors orders?
Could my yeast infection be going away on its own naturally?
Could one develope a heart problem from one day to another?
"Could people survive on only vitamins, water, and spoonfuls of sugar?"
Could seroquil or paxil cause sleep apnea?
Could sleep apnea go away?
Could the gas i've been experiencing be caused by the acai berry cleanser i'm using?
Could the itching of my anus be the cause of allergy foods or fungus/bacteria e.t.c?
Could the loose skin around my husbands testicles be causing infertility?
Could these antidepressants be affecting my erections?
Could this be the reason why i am so self-conscious and ways of lowering anxiety?
Could you develop a heart problem from one day to another?
Could you please tell me the causes of generalized anxiety disorder and does heredity cause it?
Could you recommend some types of foods i could try eating more often to help with digestive problems?
Cures for thrush yeast infection in nipples?
Dangers of spleen removal and kidney biopsy?
"Deaf with constant tinnitus, how can i ignore it (and stay sane)?"
"Delayed ejaculation and anti depressants, is there any correlation?"
Depersonalization feel weird when talking to or thinking about girlfriend help please?
Depersonalization: feel weird when talking to girlfriend. What should I do?
Depressed with episodic rage and anger - will lithium help?
Depression at the same time of the year every year. What could be the cause of this?
Depression/anger not cured by shrink - will ayurveda help?
Describe the relationship between the hiv-antibody test and being hiv positive?
"Diagnosed with depression but i think i'm bipolar, what to do?"
Diagnosed with sinusitis no stuffy nose but ears are clogged dont want to take antibiotics?
"Diarrhea caused by stress, what do i do?"
Did effexor xr help relieve your anxiety (general & social) and depression?
Did effexor xr help your anxiety and depression?
Did my anorexia affect my maximum height potential.?
"Did you know if you put cold yogurt in your anus whilst it is itching, it can sooth the itchiness?"
Diffrence between panic attacks and anxiety attacks?
"Dizzy, tired, and headache after a tooth numb at the dentist. When will this go away?"
"Dna, inflammatory markers, and a positive ana antibody test. i have an identical twin sister, should she get tested?"
Do acai berries help make you healthier?
Do all anti depressants numb your feelings?
Do all hardened criminals have a psychopathic/psychotic personality disorder?
Do all teas contain the same amount of nutrients?
Do all the effects that come with those at a low weight happen to an overweight person as well?
Do allergies cause swelling in nose and eyes?
Do anesthesiologists have to see blood and gore?
Do ankle braces help heal the problem?
Do anti - depressants really work?
Do anti depressants and medicine for anxiety really work?
Do anti psychotics have a depressive effect?
Do antibiotics mess with your stomach?
Do antidepressant pills cause memory loss?
Do anti-depressants actually help long term? Or do they simply treat the symptoms and not the cause?
Do antidepressants cause weight gain?
Do anti-depressants come in liquid form?
Do antidepressants make one emotionless?
Do antidepressants make you crave alcohol?
Do antidepressants make you gain weight?
Do antidepressants make you lose your appetite?
Do anti-depressants really work?
Do antidepressants stunt weight loss?
Do antidepressants work ?
Do antihistamines help itching not related to allergies?
Do antipsychotics make you dumb?
Do antipsychotics make you more stupid?
Do anxiety medications make you gain weight?
Do beta blockers such as propranolol treat social anxiety?
Do dentists have to contact your doctor before giving the anesthetic?
Do depression or anxiety pills change you?
Do deviated septum/sinusitis really make for a bad night's sleep?
Do doctors always listen to heart murmurs when using the stetheoscope?
Do doctors have to keep information confidential?
Do drugs that treat epilepsy(anticonvulsants) affect fertility in the long run?
Do fish oil pills increase testosterone?
Do green tea offers hydrating benefits?
Do have a little pressure behind my forehead and a little headache. i was also nauseous . do i have a brain aneurysm?
Do i go to the doctor about my anxiety?
Do i have to be severely underweight to go into inpatient anorexia treatment?
Do i have to constantly apply vaseline and take corticosteroids/antihistamines the rest of my life?
Do i have to drink my herbalife tea hot to lose weight?
Do i need antibiotics for a mild bladder infection?
Do i need crutches for having a sprained knee and fluids in my ankle?
Do i need medication for social anxiety?
Do i need really good grades to become a doctor?
Do i need to be perscribed anti depressants?
Do i need to eat a small meal with my antibiotics or is a shake enough?
Do i need to go to the hospital for a sprained ankle?
Do i suffer from panic attacks and if so what should i do?
Do kidney infections make you gain weight?
Do men get more estrogen as they age?
Do other body parts contribute to ejaculation besides genitalia?
Do people with schizoid personality disorder tend to be autistic?
Do psychatirst know when your not taking medications as they prescribed for you?
Do seroquil or safris pose serious risks of tardive dyskenesia (sp)?
Do sudden mood changes normally coincide with migraines?
Do the antibiotics clear it up the same day from chlamydia?
Do the doctors put a cast on a sprained ankle or does the hospital do that?
Do the new treatments for herpes work?
Do tricyclic antidepressants work better that the newer ones that are currently in use?
Do white marks on your nails indicate stress?
Do you become easily irritated if you skip working out a few days?
Do you guys think anti- depressants should be prescribed to kids under the age of 18?
Do you have to be super slim to be anorexic?
Do you have to have antibiotics after surgery?
Do you need medication for your feet to stop itching and hurting while your standing?
Do you still feel that life is magical and exciting?
Do you think i should drink alcohol to overcome my shyness?
Do you think it is harder to recover from anorexia or obesity?
Do you think people who do anything for attention even provoking people to violence are mentally ill?
Does a bacterial infection require a specific antibiotic to wipe it out ?
Does a brain aneurysm lower your iq?
Does a defiency of something cause rls restless leg syndrome?
Does a lump on the neck mean cancer?
Does a new piercing take longer to heal after being infected?
Does a sprained ankle require you to wear a leg boot or a cast?
Does a tick bite always produce a red ring or a guarantee of lyme disease?
Does abs workout everyday gives benefits?
Does an aortic valve bicuspid shorten life expectancy?
Does an ekg detect heart problems?
Does anger or depression issues make you want to say nasty things to loved ones?
Does anorexia ever recover completely?
Does antabuse cure mrsa?
Does anti fungus work for black toe nails?
Does anti psychotic medication keep you from dreaming?
Does antidepressant like anafranil and lexapro makes you sleepy or drowsy?
Does antidepressant medication alter your personality?
Does anxiety disorder causes shortness of breath?
Does anxiety make you believe things that arent true?
Does any one know if the appetite control sensa works?
Does anyone have any tips for preventing anxiety while you travel?
Does anyone know if i can take wheatgrass whilst on zoloft?
Does anyone know if the appetite control sensa and if it is safe ?
Does appendicitis feel like occasional stabbing pain?
Does appendix pain run around the family?
Does azithromycin cause a missed period?
Does being anorexic effect your heart rate?
Does being mentally ill make me immature?
Does being obese cause excessive sleepiness during the day?
Does being put on a ventilator mean you are going to die ?
"Does broiling vegetable destroy the nutrients? Talking about vegetables like zucchini, squash, pepper. if i broil them about 10 minutes, will the nutrients be intact?"
Does cannabis counteract the effects of anti psychotics?
Does cbt work for deep social anxiety disorder?
Does cetaphil antibacterial soap work for acne?
Does chewing and spitting cause weight gain?
Does chocolate help when you're scared?
Does chronic stress stunt growth i heard it increase somastotin?
Does cialis make your erections bigger than you can naturally become?
Does cialis make your erections bigger?
Does coffee give dark circles ?
Does cooking cauliflower destroy indole-3-carbinol(anti-estrogen) in it?
Does cranberry juice kill bad bacteria or just flush out bad bacteria ?
Does depression make you feel constantly ill?
Does dial antibacterial soap help acne?
Does diatomaceous earth help with ankylosing spondylitis arthritis?
Does diphenhydramine cause hallucinations & nightmare?
Does drinking black regular coffee ruin a fast?
Does eating 5 meatballs and a peach/ daily are enough to make you anorexic?
Does eating more after a severe calories restriction cause weight gain?
Does esr blood test indicate fungus presence in the body?
Does every teenager go through an anorexia phase?
Does everyone with hypothyroidism become fat?
Does excessive amounts of alcohol effect anorexics in any way?
Does exercise have to get your heart racing to be good?
Does exercise in the morning change your heart rate for the rest of the day and night?
Does fear of anxiety make you become more anxious?
Does filing down toenail help anti fungal medicine get rid of fungus?
Does forcing yourself to poop make you a bulimic?
Does frequent de ja vu always mean temporal lobe epilepsy/ seizures?
Does garlic effectively work as a natural antibiotic?
Does getting a cavity filled hurt?
Does getting a first cavity filling hurt with no novicane ?
Does getting a sebaceous cyst removed hurt?
Does green coffee bean extract work?
Does green coffee really help you lose weight?
Does green tea have antioxidants?
Does green tea help in terms of weightloss?
Does green tea hydrate or dehydrate?
Does green tea jasmine help get rid of eye infection in cats?
Does green tea really burn fat?
Does having a sprained ankle when you're young affect you in the future?
Does having stitches hurt?
Does heart problems cause a sharp pain or not?
Does high estrogen cause premature ejaculation?
Does homeopathy have a cure/relief for diabetic peripheral neuropathy?
Does hydroxyzine hcl always cause drowsiness?
Does icing my sprained ankle help days after the injury?
Does isotretinoin affect antioxidants?
Does it hurt getting braces tightened?
Does it hurt to get braces removed?
Does it hurt when they insert an iud?
Does itch guard cure ring worm?
Does lipton green tea in the bottle help lose weight?
Does lipton yellow label tea helps in fat loss?
Does local anesthetic hurt?
Does loss of sense of smell affect short or/and long term memory ?
Does masturbation damage your prostate or testicles?
Does medicine help to come out of anxiety disorder?
Does melatonin really work?
Does minimal aortic sclerosis always get worse?
Does my antibiotic interfere with my birth control?
Does my chauvanism and cruelty towards women have to do with my bi polar or aspergers?
Does my lack of eating have to do with my runny/water like poo?
Does not being able to speak your thoughts concisely a sign you may have a brain tumour or aneurysm?
Does online cognitive behavioral therapy courses to combat social anxiety disorder work?
Does paracetamol help ankle pain?
Does puberty cause anxiety?
Does pure coffee bean extract really work?
Does push ups and jumping jacks help you lose weight?
Does raspberry ketone lean work? Does it speed up your metabolism and help you lose weight?
"Does resveratrol really work? I mean does it really slow aging and if so, by how much and how do you know this for sure?"
Does sex help alleviate constipation for a woman and if so what type of sex is the best?
Does skipping breakfast make you lose weight?
Does sleep apnea cause a rapid heartbeat?
Does spraining an ankle permanently damage it?
Does strapping my ankle with kinesio tape will help where my tibia is around there?
Does stress and depression affect erection quality?
Does systemic candida always mean hospitalization ?
Does tea tree oil help clear up acne?
Does the brat diet work for diarrhea caused by an antibiotic?
Does the circumcision surgery and treatment hurt?
Does the extenze shots work?
Does the fear and nervousness of getting an anxiety attack in turn make you more anxious and prone to have one?
Does this sound like appendicitis or just every day cramps?
Does tooth exposure surgery hurt?
Does type 1 diabetes cause really bad anger outbursts?
Does untreated generalized anxiety disorder cause depression over time?
Does xanax start working immediately? Or is it like an anti-depressant where it takes a couple weeks?
Does yoga actually help relieve stress and anxiety?
Dose drinking beer make menopause worse?
"Drink cranberry juice, does it help flush out the bad bacteria that the antibiotics are killing ?"
"Drowsiness, and nausea. is this normal for starting off on an anti-depressant?"
During a cataract op would an anesthesiologist will be present during op?
Eating 200calories per day and not losing weight?
Eczema - how often should you moisturise?
Effective drugs to cure and get rid of hepatitis b virus?
"Eustachian tube dysfunction, where do I go for help?"
Every time i do any exercise i get the hive affect (without the rash) i just get insanely itchy. Why does this happen?
"Every time i dont smoke weed i dont have an appetite, should i keep smoking or what?"
Every time i poop and wipe i see blood please help?
Everyday creating problems in my head and im building up so much anxiety. would it be healthy to just let go and get it out off my system?
"Everyday i feel worse, and i think i may benefit from anti-depressants or thereapy. what should i do?"
"Everytime i'm on my period my anus goes really itchy, especially at night, is this normal?"
"Exercising irritates my acne, what can i do?"
Experiencing dull pain in my lower right abdomen 24 weeks pregnant. What can I do?
Extremely itchy genitals on male at night. What does this sound like?
"Eyes irritated.i find myself getting nervous.could anxiety make me feel as if something is there, and there isnt really anything?"
Facial sweating problem at work. How do I deal with this?
Fainting a week after an appendectomy. What could be wrong?
"Falling asleep and waking up suddenly out of breath, heart racing and shaking. What can I do?"
Fastest way to cure a sprained ankle?
Fastest way to shred body fat?
Fatty tumor on ankles what is the procedure for getting rid of them?
Feeling pain above my hip bone and the pain won't go away could it be something to do with my appendix?
Feeling sick while on anti-depressants. Should I stop taking them?
Feeling that i need to throw up but never do. How do I get rid of this?
"Feeling weird and sickshaky,metallic taste, nauseous..what could it be?"
"Feels like there is glass in my throat everytime i swallow, what can I do to stop this?"
Fell on my right leg now right side of ankle and left side of knee are in a lot of pain. what can be wrong?
"Female-excess facial hair and hair thinning and loss on head-normal thyroid, normal hormones-what gives?"
Foods to avoid after taking all prescribed antibiotics?
For a few months now it gets rid of most of my anger is it safe is it healthy for a teen to weight lift?
For severe ankle pain how much advil can you take at one time ?
"For the last 7 days, i have had very painful abdominal gas. this is not normal for me. what could be causing it?"
"For the last yeari have been suffering with constant fatigue, lack of concentration, pressure around my eyes. Is my thyroid a cause for concern?"
For what reasons do people up their dosages on antidepressants?
Forehead injury: i got 2 stitches. i've pain radiating from the wound site. should i take ct scan?
Fragmented sleep: need tips on how to sleep longer continuously?
"Frequent urination and 30mg prednisolone, i've taken prednisolone many times before without this. What could be wrong?"
"From what i know about gen. anesthesia, you get a shot, they put a mask over you and you wake up. but is there any weird activity when you wake up like laughing gas?"
"Fruit, and cookies and i felt terrible and took an antacid. when can i eat a lot like normal again?"
Gallbladder was bad enough to get surgery that i will also going to get my appendix out as well. what will happen if i will need the surgery?
General anesthetic- long term side effects?
"Getting a vaccination while on antibiotics, is this safe?"
"Getting rid of my dandruff, can you recommend some effective remedies?"
"Going to a hospital for depression, how does this work?"
"Gonorrhea and chlamydia came back, i am now wondering if the antibiotic treatments have failed or if i have something else?"
"Good ways to gain arm and leg muscle, without the gym?"
Good weight apps for android phone?
Grumbling appendix- whats the next option besides removal?
"Guys, i don't like smell of coconut oil. but it contains healthier ingredients so how i can use it for healthy living?"
"Had sex last night, now i need to start taking antibiotics today. does that mean my pill might not work?"
Hands keep getting crusty so i keep moisturizing it will antibacterial cream. how do i get it to clear up instantly?
Hard to breath at night and weird feeling in throat. What could be wrong?
"Has the birth control pill put me off my appetite? If so, how do I get it back?"
Has there ever been a study on ankle weights helping you grow?
"Have a cyst near my tailbone which is infected, the doctor only perscribed antibiotics, is this right?"
"Have been depressed for about 4 years now, never took anti-depressants. can this be a result of that?"
Have been experiencing increasing constant fatigue for the past two years why is this happening?
Have diabetes or autism so are there any kind of service dog for people with social anxiety and if so how can i start looking into it?
Have severe ankle pain can not sleep is 4 advil with food all right?
Have we ever discovered a purpose for the appendix?
Have you been told that zoloft or other anti-depressants have no side effects?
Haven't ate enough calories and only eating healthy due to anorexia disorder could this cause the body to store fat into the face?
Having a herxheimer reaction from taking levofloxacine antibiotic. What should I do?
Having appendix taken out tomorrow. really scared. any advice?
"Having constant strange pounding headaches, what could this be?"
"Having night terrors combined with hallucinations, what is going on?"
Having shin and ankle pain and i'm confused help?
Having side effects from taking the antidepressant clomipramine. What can I do?
Health benefits of kombucha?
"Heart palpitations for a little over a year now, what should i do about the chest pain?"
"Hello, i have a feeling to kill myself but at the same time i also have thoughts on to keep on living. Should i talk to psychiatrist?"
"Hello, i want to know from a doctor here, is the bactrim covering the streptoccocus piogenus ?"
Help ! how long does it take for anorexia to show ?
Help dealing with depression and anxiety please?
"Help help help,i have just started taking xanax and i am a addict?"
Help i need to know what these spots are on my stomach. Should I see a dermatologist or my GP?
Help me im so scared of the dark?
Help me please i feel like my anxiety is going to stop me from pursuing modelling?
Help me please! How do I know if I have sleep apnea?
Help to get rid of dandruff quickly and effectively?
"Help urgent, and quick! how can i get better of panic attacks?"
Help! how do i ask for antidepressants?
Help! i've eaten half a dulcolax tablet!! What can happen?
Help! my vag is itchy for no reason. Can I put anything on it to relieve it?
Help! really bad rash won't go away after 2 weeks?
"Help! sickness, nausea, stomach making weird noises, upper stomach pain. What can I take to reduce these symptoms?"
Help!! how can i get rid of this dizziness ?
Help!i cant sleep or eat im allways depressed and anxious whats wrong with me?
"Help, depression and anxiety is stopping me from sleeping!?"
Help: how dangerous is it to scratch under a cast?
Helpp!! how do i lose stubborn hip and stomach fat?
Helpppppppp! what should i do with my acne?
"Hemorrhoid help: my anus is dry and itchy and when i fart or poop, it really smellswhat could it be?"
Hepatitis b surface antibody result was 3.00 what does this mean if the reference value is 10.0-2000.0 miu/?
Hey guys ..so im curious to see how long does it take to get an anorexic body?
Hi guys i need to know how to relieve my stress. my dad made me mad so i dont know how to get rid of it. any clues?
Hi so i had a catscan on my ankle and they think i dislocated something in it how do they heal it?
"Hi, my mum has had like 10 brain anerysm's and i was wondering what is the chance i will get them?"
Hi. a 62 year old friend of mine is being circumcised next week. will it demand an overnight stay at the hospital?
High t3 and t4 thyroid results but no thyroid disorder. Is this normal?
His foot. a. how many ligaments are in a human foot or ankle?
Home remedies for heartburn?
Home remedies for pimples?
Hospital doesnt want to remove skintag/warts on my anus..im very depressed what can i do?
How accurate is hiv test after 9 weeks ?
How affective is anorexia?
How am i supposed to tell my mom i need antidepressants?
How are prenatal steriods administered and how long do you have to wait to drive afterwards?
How are small intestines related to excretory system?
How are victims of childhood emotional abuse treated?
How are you 100% sure you're having a panic attack?
How are you supposed to deal with anger?
How bad can post natal depression affect u?
How bad does a deviated septum have to be to have surgery as an option?
How bad does circumcision hurt?
How bad is a sprained ankle suppose to hurt?
How bad is it to lift heavy objects after rectal prolapse sugery?
How badly does getting your wisdom teeth pulled hurt?
How badly does saturated fat raise cholesterol?
How badly does throwing up damage vocal chords?
How best to control my emotions in tense situations?
How can a 3 year old root canal become infected?
How can a anorexic keep warm outdoors all day?
How can a diabetic person gain weight?
How can a psychotherapist help a person control his anger?
How can antidepressants be placebo if they cause side effects and even cause some people to commit suicide?
How can appendicitis be spread?
How can heterograft aortic valve replacements become infected?
How can i admit myself into a psych ward?
How can i allow more peace in my life and get off of anxiety medications?
How can i ask for anxiety meds?
How can i avoid getting a uti every time i have intercourse?
How can i avoid getting my dads stomach bug?
How can i avoid having panic attacks?
How can i build muscles in 6 months?
How can i burn fat quickly?
How can i calm myself down before i black out?
How can i calm myself when i'm having anxiety?
How can i combat the sleepiness i get from taking lexapro?
How can i condition my ankle to get better after breaking it?
How can i control my anger and aggression?
How can i control my anger?
How can i control my anxiety an nervousness?
How can i control my anxiety?
How can i control my bipolar disorder?
How can i control my moods when im pms-ing?
How can i control the pain until i can see a dentist?
How can i cope with anxiety attacks before i go to school?
How can i cope with anxiety/depression/stress naturally?
How can i counter act my lexapro side effects?
How can i curb my appetite?
How can i cure a uti?
How can i cure my anxiety?
"How can i cure my ocd/mysophobia, whatever type of anxiety disorder i have?"
How can i deal with a uti until i can get to a doctor?
How can i deal with crippling anxiety when on vacation?
How can i deal with my anger problems?
How can i deal with my anxiety/stress?
How can i deal with my brother's depression?
How can i deal with this depression?
How can i decrease my appetite to eat?
How can I decrease my sugar level without medicine? My sugar level fasting 274 and after break fast 201. please help?
How can i ease or eliminate this psoriotic arthritis pain?
How can i effectively lose weight and get the body i desire?
How can i escape this exam anxiety?
How can i fade/get rid of the scars on my body?
How can i fall asleep when i'm already very well rested?
How can i finally be okay with my body shape?
How can i finally get over my depersonalization disorder?
How can i find peace since ill never have closure?
How can i gain weight a healthy way?
How can i get a panic attack to stop?
How can i get anti depressants for myself?
How can i get anti depression medicine?
How can i get better from being sick super quick?
How can i get closure from a 6 year relationship ending with no answers how can i cope?
How can i get control of my anxiety in this situation?
How can i get fitter and look decent?
How can i get motivated again?
How can i get my confidence back?
How can i get my feet more flexible?
How can i get my legs skinnier?
How can i get my mom reviewed by a psychiatrist and maybe have medication prescribed to her?
How can i get my period back without gaining much weight after having anorexia?
How can i get my soft hair back?
How can i get out of the rut i'm in when life keeps putting me down? Is there a disorder that has these symptoms?
How can i get over anxiety connected to being at work?
How can i get over anxiety?
How can i get over depression?
How can i get over my anxiety talking to adults?
How can i get over my claustrophobia for a short period of time?
How can i get over my rage at video games?
How can i get over my social anxiety?
How can i get over the fear of losing my mother?
How can i get over this feeling of depression?
How can i get over what had happened awhile ago?
How can i get rid of a bruised ankle and then make the pain go away?
How can i get rid of a sore throat fast?
How can i get rid of acne fast?
How can i get rid of anxiety?
How can i get rid of back pimples without medicines or doctors?
How can i get rid of blackheads?
How can i get rid of depression?
How can I get rid of flaky skin on my nose?
How can i get rid of hives naturally any remedies please!!!!?
How can i get rid of my blackheads?
How can i get rid of my depression and anxiety naturally?
How can i get rid of my large poo / stool?
How can i get rid of my ocd?
How can i get rid of pain in the ball of my foot?
How can i get rid of the little flab in my lower tummy?
How can i get rid of this excess skin/fat?
How can i get rid of worms that are living in my anus at home. there has to be something i can do right?
How can i get rid of worms that are living in my anus at home?
How can i get rid of/avoid a tan line?
How can i get the swollen doughnut from around my ankle to heal?
How can i get this pineapple chunk out of my esophagus?
How can i get treatment as a minor by myself?
How can i handle the guilt from making dad cry and everyone worry?
How can i have a healthy relationship with food?
How can i heal a mildly sprained ankle as quickly as possible?
How can i heal a wound from vein surgery near my ankle?
How can i heal my ankle fast?
How can i healthily lose weight?
How can i help get rid of a coldsore and how can you prevent them?
How can i help my anorexic friend?
How can i help my anxiety headaches?
How can i help my boyfriend with his depression?
How can i help my chafed thighs heal?
How can i help my friend who is dealing with emotional trauma?
How can i help my friend with anorexia?
How can i help my friend with their panic attacks?
How can i hide an injured ankle from my soccer coach/parents/everybody?
How can i hide cutting scars?
How can i increase my breast size when i had become anorexic?
How can i increase my buttocks and gain bit of weight on my arms and ankles?
How can i increase my leg muscles at home?
How can i keep myself calm when i get so angry?
How can i lose 10 pounds in one month?
How can i lose 30 pounds in 4 months?
How can i lose 80 pounds in 3 months?
How can i lose weight fast and naturally?
How can i lose weight in 3 weeks for dance?
How can i lose weight in my belly?
How can i lose weight over the summer?
How can i lose wieght on the depo shot i need help?
How can i make an open heart surgery patient comfortable after surgery?
How can i make mild anxiety go away?
How can i make my anxiety go away without medication?
How can i make my face less oily and break out less?
How can i make my self puke without gagging?
How can i make myself not talk fast and not stutter a little when i do?
How can i make myself throw up if i dont have a gag reflex?
How can i move on through all of this pain?
"How can i overcome a cycle of restricting, bingeing, gaining weight and repeating?"
How can i overcome anxiety problems?
How can i prevent another depression relapse?
How can i promote healing so it doesn't leave a scar?
How can i push my doctor to give me anti-depressants?
How can i reach my prostate without putting something in my anus?
How can i recover from a fractured ankle fast ?
How can i recover from depression?
How can i reduce the number of spots and blackheads i get?
How can i reduce the pain in my ankle?
"How can i relax, my body always feels anxious?"
How can i relieve anger and stress?
How can i relieve anger?
How can i relieve bloating quick?
How can i relieve home sickness?
How can i relieve my stress and anger?
How can i replace cigarette time during the day?
How can i soothe ankle and knee aches?
How can i soothe my fears and anxieties and sleep well again?
How can i speed up my period?
How can i speed up my recovery from herpes?
How can i stay calm when i get angry?
How can i stay relax and calm?
How can i stop being so emotional?
How can i stop digging under my nails?
How can i stop feeling so anxious?
How can i stop heart palpitations?
How can i stop hurting my ankle?
How can i stop my appendix from hurting when i run?
How can i stop my depression and anxiety disorder from interfering with my social life and dating life?
How can i stop my ear infection hurting?
How can i stop my sore throat?
How can i stop my stomach from hurting?
How can i stop my twisted ankle from twinging?
How can i stop myself getting so anxious all the time?
How can i stop needing to go to the toilet?
How can i stop self harming?
How can i stop spontaneously sleeping?
How can i stop the bloating and or not gain weight from this binge?
How can i stop worrying about gaining weight?
How can i stop worrying about weight gain?
How can i strengthen my ankles?
How can i talk to my doctor about this?
How can i tell if i am depressed or something else?
How can i tell if i fractured my ankle or sprained it?
How can i tell if i have a cold or hayfever?
How can i tell if i sprained my ankle?
How can i tell if i tore a ligament in my ankle without an mri?
How can i tell if i'm anorexic?
How can i tell if i'm bipolar/depressed/anxiety disorder?
How can i tell if i'm depressed or majorly depressed?
How can i tell if my ankle is broken?
How can i tell if my ankle is fractured or just sprained?
How can i tell if my ankle is fractured?
How can i tell if my ankle is sprained?
How can i tell if my piercing is infected or irritated?
How can i tell my family about my anxiety/depression?
How can i tell whether or not i have a brain aneurysm?
How can i tone up and build muscle and strength?
How can i treat my sad?
How can my blister heal fast?
How can one cure depression naturally?
How can one help a person that wakes up in the middle of the night gasping for air?
How can people cope with social anxiety disorder?
How can someone tell if they're anorexic?
How can someone tell they have anxiety disorder?
How can you encourage someone to get therapy without him feeling insulted?
How can you get rid of cankles?
How can you have more energy with out drinking caffeine?
How can you heal a blister fast (on the lip)!?
How can you help yourself out of depression without telling anyone?
How can you recover from a anorexic or bulimia disorder?
How can you significantly improve your eyesight naturally?
How can you tell if you are suffering from ppd?
How can you tell if you fractured your ankle?
How can you tell if you have anxiety?
How can you tell if you have social anxiety or if it is just a normal teen thing?
How can you tell if your friend is having an anxiety attack?
How can you tell if your periods have stopped from anorexia?
How can you twist your ankle?
How come anti depressants work for fibromyalgia?
How come caffeine helps my social anxiety?
How come depresion drugs are the top selling drugs in this country?
How come everyone makes a big deal out of eating healthy?
How come i can only sleep on my back?
How come my body reacts to emotional pain but my emotions dont?
How come nothing natural is sold by pharmaceutical companies?
How come only antibacteral body washes gets me clean and no other product works?
How come some therapists want you to stay on antidepressants?
How come when my parents fight i feel pain in my chest. Is there something wrong?
"How come when u ""take a dump"" sometimes it burns? I know its common but what causes that?"
How did i get coldsores on my vagina?
How did i get urogenital bacteria in urine?
How did you stop being sensitive/soft/shy/depressed/scared etc?
How did you tell your doctor about your anxiety/depression?
How difficult is it to get off of antidepressants?
How do animals (mammals) get infected with rabies virus ?
How do anorexic people become so skinny?
How do anorexic people lose weight so fast?
How do anorexics end up in hospital (re-feeding)?
How do anorexics get so bony?
How do anorexics lose so much weight so fast?
How do anorexics stay strong and just not eat anything?
How do antibiotics fight bacteria?
How do antidepressants work?
How do depression and anxiety affect your ability to work?
How do diuretics modulate stress on the heart and blood pressure?
How do farts choose their smell?
How do hormones help regulate both long-term and short-term human appetite over a 24-hour period?
How do i ask for help for my anxiety?
How do i battle through this depression and get out of a hole?
How do i calm myself down if im super angry and want to break someone's bones?
How do i clean a cut?
How do i control my anger?
How do i control my anxiety?
How do i control my stress and anger ?
How do i control my terrifying trauma flashbacks?
How do i control myself from beating other people up?
How do i control/stop my horrible eating ways?
How do i convince my psychiatrist to prescribe me antidepressants?
How do i cope with anxiety attack?
How do i cope with anxiety attacks?
How do i cope with rage?
How do i cure/overcome extreme social anxiety?
How do i deal with anxiety without medication?
How do i deal with anxiety without the help of a specialist?
How do i deal with binge eating disorder?
How do i deal with having to live with a bi polar relative everyday that i just want to punch in the face?
How do i deal with leg pain caused from a metal plate?
How do i deal with my sister's bipolar disorder?
"How do i deal with ocd, social anxiety and depression?"
How do i deal with school making me feel suicidal?
How do i deal with severe anxiety at work?
How do i deal with suicidal thoughts?
How do i ease my anxiety?
How do i ease my suicidal thoughts?
How do i eat less without being fully anorexic?
How do i end my depression?
How do i expedite my wounds healing time?
How do i explain to my teacher about my anxiety?
How do i feel happier when i'm pmsing?
How do i fix my overbearing fear of dying?
How do i fix my sore ankle?
How do i gain weight with an extremely high metabolism?
How do i get a cortisone shot?
How do i get a girl who is anorexic to eat?
How do i get a prescription for xanax?
How do i get a v line under my abs?
How do i get antibiotics for a uti while abroad?
How do i get benzos for my anxiety?
How do i get fit and start eating healthy?
How do i get help for depression?
How do i get medication for my anxiety?
How do i get my appetite back?
How do i get my boyfriend to support me while i have depression?
How do i get my parents to let me get medications for anxiety?
How do i get my ring off of my finger?
How do i get myself excercising and feeling better about myself?
How do i get myself out of this slump (super depressed)?
How do i get out of starvation mode without weight gain?
How do i get out of this destructive mindset?
How do i get over anorexia / bulimia?
How do i get over being homesick while in college?
How do i get over driving anxiety?
How do i get over health anxiety?
How do i get over my anxiety disorder?
How do i get over my anxiety?
How do i get over my brain tumor anxiety?
How do i get over my fear of speaking in front of others?
How do i get over my social anxiety?
How do i get over severe social anxiety and depression?
How do i get rid of a bad bellyring infection?
How do i get rid of a belly ache?
How do i get rid of a penicillin rash?
How do i get rid of a stye?
How do i get rid of anger and rage?
How do i get rid of anxiety?
How do i get rid of appearance of hives asap?
How do i get rid of blackheads?
How do i get rid of bv?
How do i get rid of depression?
How do i get rid of foot fungus from pedicure?
How do i get rid of lower belly fat.. fast?
How do i get rid of musky smells?
How do i get rid of my anger?
How do i get rid of my anxiety after drinking?
How do i get rid of my stye?
How do i get rid of my uti?
How do i get rid of pimple scars?
How do i get rid of spots quickly and easily?
How do i get rid of the fluffy coating on my tongue after infection?
How do i get rid of this hangover?
How do i get rid of this horrible pressure feeling in my head?
How do i get rid of this poison ivy?
How do i get rid of this wound on my nose?
How do i get through ocd without therapy?
How do i go 48 hours without eating?
How do i go about deciding if to take medication for depression?
How do i go about telling my doctor i think i have depression/anxiety?
How do i handle a sprained ankle at school?
How do i help my anxiety or even make it tolerable?  i also eat well and healthily. is it a good idea for anxiety/mild depression?
How do i help my anxiety over sports?
How do I help my bf and talk him into going to anger management class?
How do i help my boyfriend to stop cutting & his depression?
How do i help my depressed brother?
"How do i help my depressed, suicidal boyfriend?"
"How do i help my friend overcome anorexia, before it's too late?"
How do i help my friend with anxiety ?
How do i help my girlfriend who has anxiety?
How do i help my mother with her'anxiety attacks'?
How do i help my partner who has anxiety and panic attacks as well as depression?
How do i help someone else be healthier?
How do i hide my anorexia at dinner?
How do i increase my hygiene?
How do i keep myself from being so sensitive?
How do i keep up strength while fighting an illness?
How do i kill ringworm on my silver jewelry?
How do i know if i have a brain aneurysm or not?
How do i know if i have anxiety?
How do i know if i have appendicitis?
How do i know if i have pinworms or could i just be paranoid?
How do i know if i need to be hospitalized for depression/suicidal thoughts?
How do i know if i should get my ankle xrayed after twisting and falling on it?
How do i know if i sprained my hand?
How do i know if i suffer from anxiety?
How do i know if im an actual anorexic?
How do i know if i'm having a mental breakdown?
How do i know if i'm having a panic attack?
How do i know if my ankle is injured?
How do i know if my ankle is sprained?
How do i know if my appendix have burst?
How do i know if my appendix is ruptured?
How do i know if the infection is gone after i have taken all of the antibiotics?
"How do i know if what i'm experiencing is pmdd, depression/anxiety, or both?"
How do i know when i need to have surgery for my accessory navicular bone?
How do i know whether i have a brain aneurism or not?
How do i lose 25 pounds in 2 months?
How do i make crutches more comfortable to use?
How do i make my brother get diagnosed with a mental disorder?
How do i make my foot as strong as it was?
How do i make my immune system stronger?
How do i make my lower part of my legs a bit fatter?
How do i make sure i smell good all throughout the day?
How do i make them understand my ocd?
How do i manage my anxiety attacks?
How do i not let my hot temper get to the best of me?
How do i over come my eating disorder?
How do i overcome my anxiety?
How do i overcome my generalized anxiety disorder around my family?
How do i overcome my nerves when around and talking to people ?
How do i overcome my post anorexia problems?
How do i overcome my sleep paralysis anxiety fear?
How do i overcome nervousnesss?
How do i overcome the distrust from past peer abuse?
How do i prevent anxiety attacks in school?
How do i prevent future anger attacks?
How do i prevent my anxiety disorder from ruining our relationship?
How do i prevent my nose and parts of my face from getting oily as it makes the marks and my acne red/darker?
How do i properly deal with my anger?
How do i put on weight if i have a very high metabolism?
How do i quit being such a hermit?
How do i reassure myself?
How do i recover from anorexia?
How do i reduce the discomfort of swollen glands?
How do i regain my sex drive?
How do i regulate my bowel movements to only occur during the afternoon?
How do i release my anger?
How do i relieve swelling from a bee sting?
How do i shave my private regions?
How do i stop being anorexic?
How do i stop being negative towards myself?
How do i stop being obsessed with my weight/ diet plan?
How do i stop being so angry all the time?
How do i stop being such an angry person?
How do i stop being verbally abusive?
How do i stop binge eating?
How do i stop caring about my problems and worry more for my friends?
How do i stop limping while running?
How do i stop missing my therapist?
How do i stop my constant eating?
How do i stop my hair falling out from anorexia?
How do i stop myself being anorexic when i can't eat coz i'm full?
How do i stop myself feeling so low?
How do i stop myself from just ending it?
"How do i stop replaying events in my mind, analyzing everything that happened and thinking about it?"
How do i stop rolling my ankle?
How do i stop the burning from going number 2 after eating spicy food?
How do i stop worrying about my period and get used to it?
How do i take care of anxiety and depression?
How do i take care of my stomach ulcer?
How do i talk to my psychiatrist about ssi?
How do i teach others what it is like to be anxious all the time?
How do i tell if my foot is fractured or sprained?
How do i tell my doctor about a problem im having in my anus?
How do i tell my family i think i'm depressed?
How do i tell my friends/family about my eating disorder?
How do i tell my mom about my self harm?
How do i tell my mom i think i might need anxiety medicine?
How do i tell my mom i think i'm bipolar and have an anxiety disorder?
How do i tell my mom im still depressed and losing my mind?
How do i tell my pals i have ocd?
How do i tell my parents about my anxiety problem?
How do i tell my parents about my eating disorder?
How do i tell my parents i want to be tested for anxiety/depression?
How do i tell my parents that i have anxiety?
How do i tell my parents that i may have an anxiety disorder?
How do i tell my parents that i self harm?
How do i tell my therapist that i don't think my cbt is going quick enough and isn't right for me now?
How do i treat sleep apnea?
"How do i, now a 27 year old adult, get over the pain of parental alienation syndrome?"
How do people become anorexic if their metabolism slows down?
How do people misuse antidepressants?
How do people start getting anorexic & bulimia nervosa?
How do people who are anorexic or bulimic lose weight so fast?
How do personality disorder genetics work?
How do symptoms of cerebral aneurysm affect our lifestyle?
How do the fracture clinic in hospital deal with broken bones?
How do they determine if one needs to be inpatient or outpatient for rehab..does having a mental condition get aken into account?
How do they test you for depression and anxiety?
How do u feel about taking benzodiazapines for anxiety?
How do u get hives and how do u get rid of them?
How do u know if u are on too high of a dose of antidepressants like prozac ?
How do you ask a doctor for anti depressants?
How do you burst your appendix?
How do you calm down when you're worried about someone?
How do you clean out your liver?
How do you clean your anus after using the toilet?
How do you control your anger?
How do you cope when someone insults you?
How do you cope with anxiety at night?
How do you cope with anxiety?
How do you cope with feeling cut off / disconnected from society & people?
How do you cope with stress and anxiety?
How do you cope with unbearable sadness?
"How do you deal with a partner that refuses to acknowledge your depression, anxiety and reasons for jealousy?"
How do you deal with an comprehensive eye exam if you're nervous?
How do you deal with anxiety on a road trip?
How do you deal with anxiety?
How do you deal with panic attacks?
How do you deal with people that are bi-polar?
"How do you detect, treat and control infectious disease?"
How do you dispose of your old medicines?
How do you eat less and control your appetite?
How do you even know if you have an anger issue?
How do you find an expert psycho-pharmacologist to treat treatment resistance depression in bipolar disorder?
How do you find out if you have any problems/disorders. etc?
How do you get angina?
How do you get appendicitis?
How do you get diagnosed with depression or anxiety?
How do you get out and meet new people when you scared if what they will think of you ?
"How do you get rid of ""ring worm"" in a human being, and what are the effects on your body?"
How do you get rid of a hickey?
How do you get rid of a yeast infection naturally?
How do you get rid of bad eczema ?
How do you get rid of pimples on your butt?
How do you get rid of ringworm?
How do you get rid of social anxiety disorder?
How do you get social anxiety?
How do you get up stairs with crutches?
How do you handle anxiety?
How do you heal a toothpaste burn?
How do you heal ankle and knee pain?
How do you help a friend that has anxiety?
How do you hide purging and anorexia from your parents?
How do you keep from crying in public and how do you control anxiety attacks in public?
How do you keep your eyes open in lasik eye surgery?
How do you kneel down and stand up using crutches?
How do you know for sure if you have hpv (genital warts)?
How do you know if a cut is deep enough for stitches or glueing?
How do you know if an arrythmia is serious?
How do you know if the antibiotics for chlamydia work?
How do you know if you are becoming anorexic?
How do you know if you are hungry/need to eat?
How do you know if you have anxiety?
How do you know if you have appendicitis?
How do you know if you have hpv genital warts?
How do you know if you sprained your foot/ankle?
How do you know if your ankle is infected?
How do you know if you've had a panic attack?
How do you know when an antidepressant is working?
How do you lose 60 pounds in 3 months?
How do you make time go by faster during the day?
How do you make your metabolism faster?
How do you overcome anxiety on your own without seeking professional help?
How do you stick to a recovery mealplan when you don't feel like you deserve to eat anything?
How do you stop an anxiety attacks?
How do you stop binge eating/cravings completely?
How do you stop worrying?
How do you stop your stomach from growling?
How do you take care of wound without any medical help?
How do you talk to a doctor about ocd?
How do you talk to someone about being depressed?
"How do you talk to someone about their aggravating, irritating ways due to the medication they are taking?"
How do you tell if you broke your ankle?
How do you tell if you fractured your ankle?
How do you treat a viral sinus infection?
How do you treat bacterial vaginosis naturally when still a virgin?
How do you treat thrush from taking antibiotics?
How do you truly know when you are suffering from anxiety?
How do you usually feel after anxiety attacks?
How does a brace help with pains?
How does a doctor check for hemorroids?
How does a doctor perform a prostate exam?
How does a doctor test a patient for anxiety?
How does a fat person become anorexic?
"How does alcohol affect sperm and how long to ""cleanse""?"
How does anorexia affect an extremely overweight person?
How does anorexia affect the muscular system?
How does anorexia affect your social health?
How does anorexia work?
How does bulimia work?
How does elevating your hurt ankle above your heart help?
How does hiv start in the first place?
How does it feel like to give blood?
How does it feel to get your wisdom teeth pulled?
How does kidney disease increase your blood pressure?
How does mental health disorder affect the society?
How does one cope with severe anxiety?
How does one know when they are hungry?
How does one reduce high androgen levels in their bodies if you are a woman?
How does smoking make you lose weight?
How does sugar replacement cause weight gain?
How does taking an antacid help when someone who is dealing with heartburn?
How does the disability system work as far as anxiety and depression?
How does the hospital check your lungs to see if they are healthy?
How does the structure of the aorta relates to its function in the heart?
How does treatment for depression differ from treatment for borderline personality disorder?
How does venous circulation help to maintain blood pressure when hemorrhaging causes blood loss?
How does warm salt water heal gums?
How easily does an ankle diastasis screw break?
How easy can i get perscribed hydroxyzine/xanex?
How effective is 1 dose of azithromycin for curing chlamydia ?
How effective is libidno?
How exactly is herpes spread? Is it possible to get from just the vaginal fluids?
How fast do anorexics lose the weight?
How fast will it take to lose weight if you continuously eat 500 cal per day?
How frequent should aneurysm check ups be?
How good are antidepressants?
How great is the power of my anus? If a cucumber was forcefully inserted would i be able to stop it with the sheer power of my sphincter?
How hard is it to tear a vena cava or artery/ vein in your heart?
How harmful is it to skip physical therapy?
How important are antibiotics for wisdom teeth surgery?
How important is eliminating stimulants when suffering from anxiety?
How is a dislocated tailbone fixed?
How is basal pneumonitis treated?
How is circumcision done?
How is dark chocolate good for you?
How is depression treated?
How is lupus diagnosed?
How is tea good for you if it contains caffeine?
How janumet is beneficial compared to just metformin?
How likely is it that a man catches herpes from a woman from having unpretected sex 4times with no outbreaks?
How likely is it that ill give my gf genital herpes if im not having an outbreak?
How long after an ankle sprain can you play baseball?
How long after an appendectomy can i start having sex again?
How long after beginning anorexic behaviour will you see its effects?
How long after beginning antibiotics do side effects occur?
How long after being exposed to the stomach virus does it take to catch it?
How long after finishing 7 days of antibiotics should i expect pain and kidney infection symptoms to go away?
How long after giardiasis treatment do symptoms persist for?
How long after giardiasis treatment do symptons last?
How long after having herpes is it transmittable?
How long after stopping anitboitics does birth control start to take effect?
How long after using yeast cream can they run tests for a vaginal/ vulva infection?
How long after you stop taking a medication like zyprexa or any other antipsychotic drug will sexual function return to normal?
How long before i see results for prostatitis?
How long before sexual function is normal again (medication)?
How long before side effects from antidepressant wear off?
How long before the flutters and anxiety go away after stopping the use of injections of ice (pure meth)?
How long can an appendicitis last before rupturing? Is it possible to last for more than a month?
How long can i keep my tampon in with heavy flow?
How long can you be in a behavior hospial for anxiety and depression?
How long can you live with a kidney infection without treatment?
How long can you not play sports after your appendix has been taken out?
How long can zoloft affect you after you've stopped taking it completely?
How long can zoloft affect you after you've stopped taking it?
How long can zoloft have effects on you after you've completely stopped taking it?
How long do antibiotics work after you start taking them?
How long do antibiotics(penicillin) take to start working for oral infections(cheek)?
How long do antipsychotics stay in your system?
How long do i need to wait till i start my birth control again after taking antibiotics?
How long do panic/anxiety attack symptoms last?
How long do people starve themselves to be considered anorexic?
How long do withdrawal effects from pristiq last?
How long do you have to avoid masturbation for after circumcision?
How long do you have to be anorexic to be officially diagnosed with it?
How long do you have to be like this to be officially diagnosed with anorexia?
How long do you have to stay in hospital if you have your appendix removed?
How long do you have to wait to have sex after antibiotics( birth control) ?
How long does a 3rd degree inversion ankle sprain take to heal completely?
How long does a belly button infection normally last? Went to doctor 3 days ago and got prescribed antibiotics. shouldn't it be getting better by now?
How long does a boil take to heal after being lanced?
How long does a broken fibula take to heal?
How long does a congested cough last?
How long does a fractured ankle take to heal?
How long does a lanced boil take to drain?
How long does a primary herpes outbreak last ?
How long does a recovery last from ingrown toenail take?
How long does a rolled ankle take to heal?
How long does a sprained ankle take to heal?
How long does an anorexic diet take to show results?
How long does an antibiotic affect birth control?
How long does an ear infections last?
How long does an inversion sprain take to heal?
How long does anaphylactic shock take to occur?
How long does anaphylactic take to occur?
How long does angioplasty take (in the kidneys)?
How long does ankle ligament damage actually take to heal?
How long does anti-biotics stay in your system?
How long does antibiotics take to cure chlamidia?
How long does it for an appendicitis to rupture?
How long does it take appendicitis pain to get really bad?
How long does it take for a blister to go away?
How long does it take for a molar pregnancy surgery to get done and what are the procedures?
How long does it take for a person to be diagnosed with anorexia?
How long does it take for an anorexic person to lose weight?
How long does it take for an external hemorrhoid to heal after a rupture?
How long does it take for anorexia to drastically show ?
How long does it take for anxiety/depression meds to kick in?
How long does it take for coccydynia to pass?
How long does it take for deep folliculitis to clear up?
How long does it take for gonorrhea symptoms to go away?
How long does it take for laxatives to cause damage?
How long does it take for pneumonia to go away?
How long does it take for ringworm to go away?
How long does it take for someone to get diagnosed with anorexia?
How long does it take for symptoms to come back if i come off antipsychotics?
How long does it take for your appendix to burst when you have appendicitis?
"How long does it take for your period to go away, after you stop eating?"
How long does it take someone to get over something traumatic?
How long does it take swollen glands from strep throat to go back to normal?
How long does it take to come on your period after finishing the pill strip?
How long does it take to cure sepsis?
How long does it take to feel better after a lung infection?
How long does it take to fully feel better from a bad case of tonsillitis?
How long does it take to get into the hospital to get your tonsils removed?
How long does it take to grow a hymen in my anus?
How long does it take to grow after anorexia?
How long does it take to heal a minor sprained ankle?
How long does it take to lose 30 pounds?
How long does it take to notice anorexia?
How long does it take to recover from a major ankle sprain?
How long does it take to recover from a serious chest infection?
How long does it take to recover from appendicitis surgery?
How long does it take to see full effect of zoloft?
How long does it take to walk on a badly twisted ankle?
How long does it take to walk on a sprained ankle?
How long does it take you to lose weight after not eating?
How long does it take your body to get used to the side effects of a new medication?
How long does it takes to over come anxiety and panic attacks?
How long does it usually take to heal a minor sprained ankle ?
How long does it usually take to recover from a sinus infection?
How long does methadone withdrawal last?
How long does sertraline withdrawal typically last?
How long does sore throat last?
How long does strep throat last?
How long does strep throat take to clear up?
How long does swelling last for a broken ankle?
How long does the gauze need to stay in the belly button after an appendectomy?
How long does the stomach virus last?
How long does trench mouth last?
How long for antibiotics to relieve pain from tooth infection after filling?
How long for mild sprained ankle to heal?
How long for uti treatment to clear infection?
How long into anorexia would you be hospitalised?
How long is a bactirial throat infection contagious for?
How long is recovery after a ganglion cyst removal on ankle?
How long is this reaction to neurontin likely to last?
How long left to live with hematoma of the brain?
How long must i refrain from exercise after having appendix out?
How long on average does it take to cure depression?
How long should a mother wait to nurse after dental local anesthetic?
How long should a swollen ankle look swollen?
How long should i sit out for high ankle sprain?
How long should i wait before testing for std's?
How long should i wait for my ankle swelling to persist until its necessary to see a doctor?
How long should i wait to go back to the gym if i am recovering from a rash/cut?
How long should i wait to smoke after wisdom teeth removed?
How long should i wait to take my antibiotics after drinking alcohol?
How long should recovery be after surgery on vent?
How long to wait for varicella vaccine after taking round of zithromax?
How long until antibiotics stop affecting my birth control pill?
How long until my armpit hair fully grows?
How long will a twisted ankle take to heal?
How long will antibiotics take to cure my tonsillitis?
How long will hay fever last?
How long will it be until you lose weight if you stop eating?
How long will it take for my adult teeth to grow in if i pull out my baby ones?
How long will it take for my antibiotics to start working and is it okay to swallow the puss/liquid?
How long will it take for my heart rate to increase after anorexia?
How long will it take for my second degree burns to completely heal?
How long will it take for my sprained ankle to heal?
How long will it take for your toe nail to grow back?
How long will it take to drop 100 pounds by not eating?
How long will my period last on the contraceptive pill?
How long will my sore throat last?
How long will my strep throat symptoms take to disappear after starting antibiotics?
How long will my twisted ankle take to fully heal?
"How long will the numbness last after my tooth extraction, was done 4 days ago?"
How long will the recovery time be?
How long will this throat infection be contagious?
How long would a lightly sprained ankle to heal?
How long would it take me to lose 50 pounds by eating 500 calories a day?
How long would it take to lose 50 pounds?
How long would it take to lose weight on a liquid diet?
How long would it usually take to lose at least 30 pounds?
How many calories do i need daily?
How many calories do u burn in a 10 mile walk?
How many calories should a 17 year old recovering anorexic eat?
How many days after having your appendix removed do you get your stitches out?
How many days does a person who has angioplasty surgery on their legs have to spend on the hospital considering everything went well?
How many dietary and vitamins can i consume a day?
How many of you who unfortunately have caught chlamydia only had to take antibiotics once and the chlamydia was cured ?
How many pounds can i lose in one month if i run everyday?
How many pounds do i have to gain to go up a bra size?
How many times a week could i take vitamin c and d?
How much 25 mg ancef for a child of 65 lbs?
How much anti-depressent medication is too much?
How much blueberries should i eat for a good amount of antioxidants?
How much can i expect to grow if i wear ankle weights every day?
How much carbon dioxide is used in a laparoscopic appendectomy?
How much do antidepressants help with depression?
"How much do i dilute 100% tea tree oil with water, for fungal infections?"
How much does an ankle fracture hurt?
How much does local anesthetic shot hurt during circumcision?
How much does piercing your cartilage hurt?
How much longer do you live after your appendix explodes?
How much more is it possible for my breasts to grow?
How much phenibut should i take for social anxiety and insomnia?
How much prozac would it take to kill you?
How much time does a patient have to wait for an operation on a fractured fibula?
How much time will it take to completely bend my knee as usual without pain after grade 1 ligament injury?
How much weight can i lose from not eating for 3 weeks?
How much weight can you lose by anorexia?
How much weight could i lose if i didn't eat for 3 weeks?
How much weight will i loose starving/ only drinking water for 7 days?
How much weight will i lose by starving for 2 weeks?
How much would i have to weigh to be considered an anorexic at a hospital?
How often do abuse victims become the abusers ?
How often does a er visit turn turn into being admitted to the hospital?
How often may i use salamol to relieve wheezing?
How often should you apply antifungal cream on your hands?
How old do you have to be to buy diet pills?
How old do you have to be to get your tonsils taken out?
How quickly do antifungal creams lose potency after opening?
How rare is a thoracic aortic aneurysm in a healthy 27 year old?
How safe can anti-depressants be for children?
How serious is losing your period to anorexia? What does it mean in terms of your health?
How serious is sleep apnea?
How severe is the pain of aortic dissection?
How shall i eat if I am underweight?
How should i fight mental depression?
How should i get help for treating social anxiety?
How should i tape my sprained ankle?
How should i treat my consistently high blood pressure?
How similar can a severe yeast infection and herpes look/feel?
How soon after an antibiotic course is it safe to drink again?
How soon after depo will periods return regularly?
How soon can i travel after a lathroscopic appendectomy?
How soon can you walk on a sprained ankle?
How soothe a sore/scratchy throat and cough?
How ssris antidepressant works and do they cause side effects?
How stop cutting myself and how to stop myself from having anxiety attacks?
How the hell do i get over social anxiety disorder?
How to achieve more energy in the morning?
How to admit to a hospital for severe depression?
How to ask for help with my eating disorder?
How to be a more laid-back person?
How to be confident in your body?
How to be less self conscious?
How to beat genetic disposition to obesity?
How to become skinny rather than curvy/toned/muscley?
How to best deal with strong feelings of anger?
How to boost metabolism?
How to break my ankle or foot?
How to break/sprain your ankle at home?
How to bring up the subject anxiety to your doctor?
How to build up to doing a 5k marathon?
How to calm an anxiety attack fast?
How to calm anxiety quickly?
How to calm down from anxiety/stress attacks?
How to calm hypochondria?
How to calm really bad acne?
"How to calm yourself down/release stress, pain and anger?"
How to care for ripped off toenail?
How to clean household items infected with pinworm?
How to clear and lighten skin?
How to climb stairs with a broken ankle?
How to communicate with a stroke patient who is not able to speak and has a right sided palsy?
How to control a bad temper..?
How to control anxiety attacks?
How to control my anger so i don't do something rash?
How to control my anger?
How to control my emotions?
How to control my panic attacks and i worried too much?
How to control your anger better?
How to convince my doctor i'm not anorexic anymore?
How to convince my doctor to prescribe me anti-depressants?
How to convince myself into eating less?
How to convince people i'm not anorexic?
How to cope with an ankle sprain?
How to cope with anxiety and panic attacks?
How to cope with being ugly?
How to cope with my personality disorder?
How to cope with my social anxiety disorder?
How to cope with post traumatic stress disorder on my own?
How to cope with self harm?
How to cope with severe anxiety on a church trip?
How to cope with this type of anxiety?
How to cope with unstable moods on anti depressants?
How to cure a chest infection?
How to cure a sinus infection?
How to cure college burnout?
How to cure lymph node pain?
How to cure myself as a psycopath?
How to cure social anxiety disorder on your own?
"How to cure spring allergies, help..?"
How to cure stretch marks?
How to cure the side effect of excessive masturbation?
How to cure tinea versicolor?
How to cure yeast infection for male permanently?
How to deal to people who have mental illnesses?
How to deal with a brother suffering post traumatic stress disorder?
How to deal with acute depression?
How to deal with anger?
How to deal with anticipatory anxiety?
How to deal with anxiety (going to a new school)?
How to deal with anxiety about opening an emails after requesting assistance?
How to deal with anxiety at night?
How to deal with anxiety/depression without therapy?
How to deal with binge eating disorder?
How to deal with compulsive over-eating.. please someone help me?
How to deal with depression in perimenopause?
How to deal with depression while on steroids?
How to deal with feelings of regret and depression?
How to deal with graduation anxiety?
How to deal with intrusive thoughts and anxiety at night time?
How to deal with loneliness?
How to deal with mentally ill daughter?
How to deal with messed up mental health?
"How to deal with my mother, depression and suicidal thoughts?"
How to deal with nervousness and anxiety?
How to deal with new job anxiety?
How to deal with paranoia?
How to deal with people with anxiety problems?
How to deal with restless leg syndrome?
How to deal with side effects of antidepressants?
How to deal with social anxiety?
How to differentiate between fish oil products?
How to distinguish between an ankle sprain and gout?
How to do a job interview with social anxiety?
How to drop those sluggish 20 pounds off in a healthy way?
How to ease the pain of a toothache?
How to ease the swelling of my molars coming in?
How to end anxiety permanently !?
How to explain to my mom that i am really anxious all the time?
How to fall asleep on a overstuffed stomach?
How to feel positive while having anxiety?
How to feel something besides anger and hanging onto the past?
How to find happiness with anxiety and depression?
How to fix bowed ankle due to arthritis?
How to fix toenail discoloration fast?
How to force myself to eat?
How to gain 10 lbs in a month?
How to gain self-esteem?
How to gain weight and to not be called anorexic?
How to gain weight fast for a high metabolism?
How to gain weight while on birth control?
How to gain weight with a fast metabolisum?
How to get a grip on myself?
How to get a thigh gap and lose weight really quickly?
How to get ankle and calf muscle back after surgery?
How to get anti depressants if you are teenager?
How to get big calves with ankle weights or anyways that will help me get big calves?
How to get blackheads out permenantly ?
How to get cured from a kidney stone?
How to get fatter/thicker calfs and ankles?
How to get more definition in waist and lower back to butt area?
How to get my body into shape?
How to get my mom to take me to a lung specialist?
How to get my skinny legs thicker and a flatter tummy?
How to get my underage brother to stop smoking?
How to get out of depression?
How to get over an obsession?
How to get over anorexia/food obsessions?
How to get over anxiety and depression?
How to get over anxiety?
How to get over fear of needles/wisdom teeth removal?
How to get over my anxiety or big crowds before going to a concert?
How to get over my fear of women?
How to get over past trauma?
How to get over severe home sickness after a move?
How to get over the fear of the dentist?
How to get rid of a bad attitude and anger issues?
How to get rid of a blocked and stuffy nose?
How to get rid of a blocked nose in 1 night?
How to get rid of a cold sore in 1 day?
How to get rid of a cold sore?
How to get rid of a cold very quickly?
How to get rid of a cold/flu?
How to get rid of a coldsore?
How to get rid of a cut?
How to get rid of a small hemorrhoid fast?
How to get rid of a stomach ache?
How to get rid of a stuffy nose fast?
How to get rid of a sun burn?
How to get rid of a urinary tract infection?
How to get rid of a yeast infection ?
"How to get rid of achy feet, legs and ankles quickly?"
How to get rid of acne/blackheads overnight?
How to get rid of an itchy windpipe?
How to get rid of anxiety symptoms?
How to get rid of anxiety without medication?
How to get rid of anxiety?
How to get rid of ascaris?
How to get rid of athletes foot naturally?
How to get rid of bacterial vaginosis?
How to get rid of bad breath?
How to get rid of chicken pox faster?
How to get rid of congested skin overnight?
How to get rid of constipation issues?
How to get rid of dandruff completely?
How to get rid of depression and anxiety?
How to get rid of depression?
How to get rid of diarrhea?
How to get rid of eczema?
How to get rid of fat ankles?
How to get rid of fat on arms and legs?
How to get rid of feeling this way ?
How to get rid of feminie odor that smells like sweat?
How to get rid of fordyce spots on lips?
"How to get rid of fordyce spots, methods you've ""witnessed"" work with your own 2 eyes?"
How to get rid of fungus on your toenails?
How to get rid of heart palpitations?
"How to get rid of itchy, vaginal discomfort?"
How to get rid of my anger issue?
How to get rid of my social anxiety?
How to get rid of oral thrush naturally?
How to get rid of paxil withdrawal symptoms?
How to get rid of pimple redness?
How to get rid of pimples on nose?
How to get rid of pubic hair between vagina and butt?
"How to get rid of red rashes, maybe eczema?"
How to get rid of scabies?
How to get rid of shin splints and ankle problems?
How to get rid of slurred speech ?
How to get rid of sound pollution?
How to get rid of spot scars?
How to get rid of sulfur burps and the bacteria that makes the sulfur tasting gas come up?
"How to get rid of the swelling from a sprained ankle, fast?"
How to get rid of wide rib cage?
How to get rid of wrinkly hands and feet?
How to get skinny legs as fast as possible?
How to get skinny legs really fast?
How to get the best night sleep?
How to get the courage to break a bone?
How to get up when you hit the bottom?
How to get your period back after anorexia?
How to go about telling your parents you're depressed?
How to handle a lost will to live?
How to handle my heath related anxiety?
How to handle stress better?
How to heal a belly button infection?
"How to heal a mind that is full of death, feelings of depression and despair?"
How to heal a popped blister?
How to heal a sprained ankle fast?
How to heal a sprained ankle?
How to heal an ankle sprain fast?
How to heal raw skin fast?
How to heal weeping skin fast?
"How to help a friend with anxiety, eating disorder, and depression?"
How to help a partially popping ear?
How to help a person who is being attacked by asthma without an inhaler?
How to help a sore ankle?
How to help a urine infection?
How to help boyfriend with anxiety attacks?
How to help friend with possible anorexia?
How to help my newly diagnosed daughter with anorexia?
How to help panic and anxiety attacks while in school?
How to help people deal with my depression and anxiety?
How to help someone relieve themself from anxiety?
How to help someone with anxiety attacks and astraphobia?
How to help someone with depression?
How to help the pain of sitting for long periods of time?
How to i get the courage to take a big step in my life?
How to i get thinner legs and thighs?
How to i help my friend who has anorexia?
How to ignore depression and go on with your day?
How to increase libido?
How to increase my appetite and weight?
How to keep acne under control?
How to keep cold sores away?
How to keep from crying in public and to control anxiety attacks?
How to keep from getting type 2 diabetes?
"How to keep from sharing a bed, purging, and having an anxiety attack?"
How to keep herpes from flaring up.?
How to keep myself motivated and loose some weight ?
How to keep myself motivated and lose some weight ?
How to keep somebody from snoring?
How to know if my urethra is infected?
How to know if the bacterium is dead or not?
"How to know if you are overweight, normal, or underweight?"
How to know if you have anorexia/eating disorders ?
How to know whether you are or are at risk of being anorexic?
How to live with hypochondria?
"How to lose fat, tone your legs and gain lean muscle in about 3 weeks?"
How to lose stubborn belly fat?
How to lose weight and get a flat stomach fast?
How to lose weight in a healthy way?
How to lose weight without starving yourself?
How to lower high blood pressure and keep it maintained(details are long)?
How to lower your cholesterol ?
How to maintain good contact lens hygiene whilst camping?
How to maintain my weight without gaining it back?
How to make a fake arm/leg cast?
How to make a scratch less red and visible?
How to make a sprained ankle heal fast?
How to make a sprained ankle heal faster?
How to make a stye go away on my eye?
How to make a twisted ankle better fast!?
"How to make ankle swollen, sprained or bruised?"
How to make anus masterbation to stop hurting?
How to make my ankles thinner?
How to make my legs thinner/more toned?
How to make my parents understand that i have social anxiety disorder?
How to make my runny nose keep going?
"How to make stomach flu and or sickness go away fast! (home remedies, etc.)?"
How to manage anger and be soft & polite to people?
How to motivate myself to get in shape?
How to move on and motivate yourself after a messed up past?
How to not be anxious with the help of medicine or a theripst?
How to not be depressed?
How to not gain weight after anorexia?
How to overcome anxiety?
How to overcome depression without help?
"How to overcome from neck, chest and arms angina pain from stenosis ?"
How to overcome social anxiety disorder?
How to prevent breast cancer?
How to prevent depression and anxiety disorder?
How to prevent diarrhea from occurring while taking antiobiotics?
How to prevent keloids on new piercings?
How to prevent pain in sides of ankles and lower legs when running?
How to prevent panic/anxiety attacks?
How to prevent sweating/pit stains?
How to prevent your hands sweating?
How to produce testosterone naturally?
How to properly clean a cut?
How to properly wipe anus after bowel movement? Serious question.
How to quickly gain weight?
How to quickly heal a bruised ankle?
How to quickly heal a sprained ankle?
How to quit weed when you go crazy without it?
How to really get rid of blackheads?
How to recover from anorexia?
How to reduce 30 kg (67 pounds) in three months with vegetarian indian diet?
How to reduce swelling inside the mouth?
How to reduce/prevent swelling in the legs?
How to relax/calm down before surgery?
How to release anger?
How to relieve anxiety related to school?
How to relieve stress and build confidence?
How to relieve stress when i don't have any time to spare?
How to relieve uti & yeast infection while preggo?
How to remove a deep splinter under nail?
How to remove a fungal rash on body?
How to remove a tick's head?
How to remove solid blackheads?
How to resolve anger problems?
How to rid of cold sores?
How to run 800m if I have asthma?
How to shave with a safety razor?
How to show my shame on myself without cutting/burning?
How to sleep with ankylosing spondylitis ?
How to snap out of anorexia?
How to socialize and i don't know what to do. is this social anxiety disorder or something similar?
How to solve anal leakage?
How to sprain or break my ankle on purpose?
How to start getting in shape?
How to stay healthy on a class trip?
How to stick to my healthy diet?
How to stop a panic attack once it has started?
"How to stop a panic attack or to deal with it afterwards, and symptoms of a panic attack?"
How to stop an anxiety attack?
How to stop anxiety and hyperventilation?
How to stop anxiety stomach aches?
How to stop anxiety when you know you're about to start worrying?
How to stop being a hypochondriac?
How to stop being depressed ?
How to stop being so anxious and insecure?
How to stop binge eating after you have recovered from anorexia?
How to stop binge eating?
How to stop blushing for no reason?
How to stop burning after a catherization removal for men?
How to stop chest pains from anxiety?
How to stop chicken pox faster?
How to stop dry skin on face?
How to stop dwelling on the past?
How to stop fast heartbeat?
How to stop having to perform my ocd rituals/compulsions?
How to stop homicidal thoughts from npd?
How to stop my anxiety from getting pimples?
How to stop my pain from too much blood pressure to my foot?
How to stop myself from becoming even more depressed?
How to stop obsessive thoughts / anxiety attacks?
How to stop phases of depression?
How to stop pulling my hair out?
How to stop really bad runny nose?
How to stop recurring thoughts and fears from anxiety ?
How to stop suicidal thoughts?
How to stop thinking about calories after long diet?
How to stop thinking about past mistakes?
How to stop this crazy never ending circle of depression?
How to stop worrying about schizophrenia?
How to study for a long time with anxiety disorder?
How to study with anxiety disorder?
How to take care of a torn vagina?
How to take care of stretched ears?
How to talk my mom into taking me to the doctor for anxiety attacks?
How to talk to mum or sister about my mental health?
How to talk to my doctor about taking anti depressant pills?
How to tell a partner in a new relationship that you have herpes?
How to tell if a blister in your foot is infected?
How to tell if a blister on your foot is infected?
How to tell if a cut is infected?
How to tell if an ankle is sprained?
How to tell if ankle is sprained or broken?
How to tell if i damaged my liver?
How to tell if i fractured or broke or just sprained my ankle?
How to tell if I have damaged my hearing and ways i can protect it?
How to tell if my cold urticaria is gone or when it will come back?
How to tell if my naval piercing could be rejecting?
How to tell if someone is anorexic?
How to tell if tonsillitis is healing ?
How to tell if you are allergic to grass?
How to tell if you are anorexic?
How to tell if you have aspergers or social anxiety?
How to tell if you have gallstones?
How to tell my boyfriend i don't want to have sex?
How to tell my mom i have anxiety and i'm always sad ?
How to tell my parents i am depressed?
How to tell my parents i need help for my anxiety?
How to tell my parents that [i think] i'm depressed?
How to tell parents about my anxiety?
How to tell the doctor you think you have social anxiety and depression?
How to tell your parents about your self harm?
How to tell your teacher/counsellors about anxiety attacks?
How to treat a chest infection/cough?
How to treat a drained boil?
How to treat a gunshot wound?
"How to treat a popped blister? Put a little water on it, only for it to sting even more. i then took some antibiotic cream and tapped it on the area. should i do anything else?"
How to treat a sprained ankle?
How to treat a sprained twisted ankle?
How to treat a sun burn?
How to treat an isolated dry patch of skin?
How to treat anger problems without going to a specialist?
How to treat anus pains ?
How to treat big acne bump on the face?
How to treat burn from flat iron?
How to treat ear piercing that failed?
How to treat hemorrhoids at home?
How to treat my oily skin?
How to treat my roadburn?
How to treat wet diarrhea?
How to unclog arteries?
How to water fast while on antibiotics?
"How to you get rid of stinky feet? This is embarrassing. i've had smelly feet for the most part of my life. is it because of certain shoes, soap?"
How to you treat angina?
How will a mole on my spine be removed?
How will I know if I have early signs of appendicitis?
How will i know when my pirecing is starting to get infected?
How would antidepressants affect my body mentally and physically?
How would daily use of cannabis affect someone with a disorder like narcissism or antisocial personality disorder?
How would going vegan affect myself and my weight?
How would one be able to disassociate anxiety with smoking cigarrettes?
How would you know if you have appendicitis?
How you distinguish between a ringworm and rosea?
Hurts to pee after appendectomy. What can relieve the pain?
I always bring with me deodarent every place i go because the poopy smell. should i buy chemical to eliminate smelling?
I always hold my anger inside my head and try not to think about it but i was wondering is that really can cause a major depression?
"I am 16 years old, and i may have a bad body odor, how can i tell if i do?"
I am 21 year old - i am 125 kg 61 feet how can i lose my weight ?
"I am 22 year old and my hands are trembling when i feel fear, anger,pressure, or when i present in class. What can I do?"
"I am 29 years old with no social skills because i had anxiety my whole life, is there a book or videos to learn?"
I am 85 years old. i have an aneurysm in the main artery of my stomach. how much percentage is there of living with that?
"I am a 50+ female. i take stillnox because of chronic insomania. however, i am too lazy to wake up in the morn?"
I am a 6'3 male and under-weight. how much should i weigh?
I am a nice person but gets urges to attack people. Is this worrisome?
I am a person having very bad anxiety. i am facing thinning of hair in top region of head. is telegon efflvium good to try?
"I am a very deep sleeper, i can never wake up. Is it possible to change this?"
I am a very skinny guy . should i fatten myself a bit before working out/hitting the gym?
I am always getting mouth ulcers which are painful not to mention annoying what is the best way to treat them ?
I am angry all the time. what's a healthy way to release it?
"I am anorexic but i feel like i've gained weight instead of losing it, what's that mean?"
I am at school and suddenly i start feeling so anxious and i start shaking badly and crying. Help?
"I am concerned about my ativan prescription, what should i do ?"
"I am constantly beating up my head as self punishment, any risks?"
I am convinced all my friends want me dead. how do i stop thinking like this?
I am currently on anti-depressants and i want to come off them and take 5htp everyday. Is this advisable?
I am currently on anti-depressants but want to start taking 5htp. Is this a good idea?
I am currently suffering from depression and have anxiety too. if i cure my depression will my anxiety go away too?
"I am depressed, but i can't get help. What are my options?"
I am diabetic why are my ankles swollen?
I am feeling like a stabbing pain in my intestine i also have a cut on my anus. what might it be?
I am getting my tonsils out on soon and i want to know what kind of medicaction they will give me?
"I am getting my wisdom teeth pulled next thursday, i am a pansy and am wondering what anesthetic will be used?"
"I am getting pain to the right of my belly button, what could this be?"
I am getting teeth pulled and the day after i have plans. will i be ok to go to my plans the next day?
I am going into surgery next week and i am about to start my period. help?
"I am going to apply for disability for major anxiety and depression. does anyone have any experience, tips, or advice?"
I am having blood clots with my period. is this normal?
I am having major anxiety since my period started. Why could this have happened?
"I am having my tonsils out soon, and i was just wondering. can you swallow after your tonsil removal?"
"I am having problems with eating, but i am too fat to have an ed. Is it possible that i have an eating disorder?"
I am having yeast infection symptoms. can someone help?
I am looking for a healthy way to lose weight fast. Are there weight loss programs that actually work?
I am new to supplements and i want to know what is whey protein good for?
I am not a really healthy person. so i want to be skinny. should i revert to being anorexic?
I am on 40mg of pristiq and 5mg of cymbalta and i cannot sleep a wink. What should I do?
I am scared my partner will lose her emotions when she starts taking anti-depressants. so worried?
"I am skinny and want to tone up, what workouts shall i do and foods shall i eat?"
I am so nervous to go to the dentist! help?
I am so unhappy with my life. what can i do?
I am stuck. i am being tortured by depression. i am done playing games. where do i turn?
"I am unable to control my anger, i usually say abusive words when i get angry. How can I control this?"
I am very anxious to know how to remove stains and dark circles from my eyes and stains from my head as well as face?
I ate nandos now when i poo it feels like my anus is on fire. Why is this?
"I badly bruised my ankle yesterday and now i can barley walk it hurts so much, should i stay at home and rest it or go to school and walk it off?"
I believe i am socially atypical and am looking for possible conditions to research?
I broke a bone in my foot and sprained it aswell. it hasn't been the same since. how do i increase its strength so it matches the other foot?
"I broke my ankle and i was wondering if i will get a medical boot, like the cam walker?"
I broke my ankle in two places and i was wondering if i will get a medical boot?
"I burnt my foot from a heater like 3 days ago. my mom says it will go down but, it hasn't why?"
I came home from school hurting from my lower right side of my stomach could it be my appendix?
"I can feel an anxiety attack coming, please help?"
I can get angry really easily but i dont think i have anger management problems?
I can hold things in without becoming angry. how is that a anger problem?
I can never wake up in the morning - depression and anxiety to blame?
"I can sleep for 20 hours straight and still be falling asleep, what is going on?"
"I can't breath well when i try to sleep on my back, is it something to worry about?"
I cant concentrate i feel i can read peoples minds and im anxious. advice or you personal opinions?
"I can't eat but its not on purpose, its not anorexia, what is it?"
"I can't smell or taste anything, help what is wrong?"
"I cant stop eating, and i eat huge portions. how do i stop this excessive eating, and how do i get rid of my large appetite?"
I can't stop licking/biting my upper lip and the insides of my lips. help?
I can't talk to girls or stand in line to pay for groceries without my hands and legs shaking how to get better quickly?
I can't think nearly as quick as i used to be able to. would an anti-depressant help me get this back?
I can't wear shorts because if a surgery scar. Is there any way to remove it?
I carry an epipen. how long would it take for anaphylaxis to occur if i ate something containing peanuts?
I chipped my ankle and the chip is in 6 pieces what would happen if i don't have the surgery?
I coughed up sputum with bright red blood (a tiny amount) in it in the morning. What could it be?
I cut myself and i want to tell my mom. how do i do it?
I don't sleep well at night after a hard gym session earlier that day. why ?
I don't wake up fresh after a complete sleep even. Could i have sleep apnea??
I don't want to be anorexic but what are my options?
I dont want to kill myself but i don't know what else to do?
"I don't want to look anorexic or anything, just to lose a couple pounds. any ideas?"
"I don't want to lose anymore weight, but i lose weight easily. what should i do?"
I drank my antihistamine eye drop bottle cause i thought it was the one i had acid in am i gonna be alright?
I eat chocholate everyday. but i've been wondering if my body or skin will change if i stop?
"I fear rejection, how should i deal with rejection when it happens if it is a friend or family?"
"I feel a bit dizzy and swimmy headed sometimes in the mornings, or sometimes all day, could this be from sleep apnea?"
"I feel anxious a lot and worry, how can i stop?"
I feel exhausted and depressed dont know where to turn?
I feel i have huge anger in me that is going to eventually come out whats going on?
I feel like i have anxiety but i'm not sure. can anyone help?
I feel like i'm being stabbed in my side!!!! please help i'm so scared!!?
"I feel like my anorexia and bulimia are controlling my life, help?"
"I feel pain in my chest when ever my parents fight, along with a headache. how come?"
I feel pressure in my neck and its hard to breathe please help?
"I feel so alone and empty, how can i get rid of depression?"
"I feel so depressed and trapped, can anyone give me advice?"
"I feeling emotionless, what should i do?"
I fell on my ankle and heard a crack. it hurts now so should i go to the doctor and will they give me crutches?
I felt really depressed and anxious until i drank a valium. How can I not get myself dependent on this?
I find anesthesiology fascinating and i am considering economically and morally. just how stressful is anesthesiology?
I found a tick near my ankle now there is a bump. Could this be serious?
"I found out i have hives, just got them. can aloe vera completely cure hives?"
"I found two small clusters of bumps outside the anus believed to be hemorrhoids, but they won't go away. Help?"
"I get a pain in my ankle when jogging. Other than shoes and socks, what else could it use to help?"
I get about 7 hours of sleep every night but im still tired. Help?
I get anxiety a lot. how do i overcome this?
I get daily discharge white water by vagina .. is it normal.. i get this discharge 2-3 times a day?
"I get extreme anxiety in public situations, is there anything I can do to prevent this?"
I get itching after wearing wrist watch plz suggest remedy..?
I get nervous while speaking to a group of people and mess my speech. is this normal?
"I get severe pains in my chest,is it angina or normal chest pains?"
I get so angry so easily what should i do?
I get so angry that i cry and break things. How can I find another outlet?
I get very anxious before tests how can i calm down?
I get very anxious.. any advice on how to deal with it?
"I get very itchy,red,puffy n watery eyes for about last 15days.eye drop,antihistamine are not working, what can I try?"
I got a blister on my ankle and i don't want to pop it because i'm afraid of needles. is there any way for it to heal fast?
I got a cut on my finger and then washed it with water. could it be dangerous ?
I got a small cut om my scrotum while cutting my pubic hair!.what should i do now ?
I got beat up in a fight - don't know how to deal with it emotionally?
I got colored contacts and they told me i need more oxygen what can i do?
I got genital herpes can i still circumcised myself?
I got hit in the leg 2 weeks ago and noticed the skin there feels hard as bone. Is this normal?
I got my appendix removed 1 year ago but still feeling pain. How long until this lasts?
"I got my toenail removed for the second time, will it grow back?"
I got my tongue pierced and theres a little white bump near the ball how do i remove it?
I got my wisdom teeth removed and collapsed a day later. Is there a connection?
"I got operated from my appendix, could i still smoke?"
I had a few anxiety or panic attacks in the past couple just come down from an anxiety attack. can someone please explain?
I had a molar removed a week ago and it is bleeding again. how do i stop it?
I had a ruptured appendicitis when i was 5. could that have caused infertility?
I had a white bowel movement what does that mean?
"I had an anaphylactic attack last night, can i smoke now, 18 hours later?"
I had an anxiety attack and don't know what to do?
I had dna pcr test 18 days after the exposure and found it negative. should i go for further test?
"I had lateral ankle strain about two months ago, and i played soccer yesterday. Didn't feel any pain so does that mean it's fully healed?"
I had my hand by my face my friend bumped into me causing my thumb nail to cut my cheek will it scar?
"I had oral sex two days ago and i am afraid i contracted a sti, should i start taking antibiotics?"
I had sex 3 days ago while on the pill and now i need to take antibiotics?
I had surgery 2 weeks ago on my ankle because i broke my febula and was wondering if i can go to the gym?
"I had the insomnia for like 6 month its over now but i still feel tired,light headed & dizzy. Help?"
"I had unprotected oral sex with a guy about two weeks ago, and the day immediately after i had a sore throat?"
I had unprotected sex with a girl 2 nights ago that told me today that she has herpes. help?
I had unprotected sex with a man i was the top for 3 min. was i in a really high risk position for STDs?
I hate anti-depressants the side effects are too much for me. what other kind of medicines work for anxiety?
I have 2 infected cartilage piercings. how do i stop the infection?
I have a 3.5cm longitudinal tear in my peroneus brevis tendon . will i require surgery for this?
"I have a anger problem, i get angry at such small things, i'm 17 years old, any suggestions?"
"I have a bad sore throat and stuck mucus, what is it?"
I have a bladder infection can i go swimming?
I have a blister on my foot how do i bandage it up?
I have a boil the size quater on my left vagina lip what do i do?
"I have a chronic ankle pain, what's the best injection for it?"
I have a constant pain on the left side of my abdomen. Should I go to the ER for this?
I have a cut that will not heal and keeps emitting yellow and green puss. What should I do?
"I have a cyst and it hurts really bad. Pain when pooing, blood in poo and small lump on anus?"
"I have a few mental issues but it's not too bad. sometimes, it gets worse but i can overcome it with prayer. what do i do?"
"I have a good diet, have one physical ed class (both pretty hardcore too) everyday for 90 minutes but i am so tired all the time! what's wrong with me?"
I have a green tea every morning and night is that good for me? Will it be helping me lose weight as well?
I have a hive after taking my antibiotics should i finish my 1week course?
I have a hot temper and i have had it for years now. i try to stop it but it doesnt help. what should i do?
I have a huge tear on my vagina.how long would it take to heal completly?
I have a huge white water blister-thing-blister on my foot from my shoes and its about the size of a dime. i don't want to pop it though. Should I leave it alone?
I have a kidney infection that will not go away after two weeks of antibiotics what should i do?
I have a lot of pimples on my face.hw cn i treat it very well.pls.. answer 4 it?
I have a lump in the middle of stomach below my rib cage what could it be?
I have a lump near the hole of my ear. what could it be?
I have a pain in my side my left side just blow my rib cage could it be my appendix?
I have a rash after taking sulfa antibiotics. Should I continue taking it?
"I have a really bad cold ! :( i had some fruit cordial and i was wondering , does it help / soothe a cold ?"
I have a really really bad case of munchhausen syndrome. How do I go about treating this?
I have a really slow metabolism..any help on how to speed it up!?
I have a red spot on my forehead an need help. Any tips on treating this?
"I have a severe case of polycystic ovarian syndrome and im on bc pills, will i ever have kids?"
I have a small cut on my vagina! How should I treat this?
"I have a small hemorrhoid, how serious is it?"
I have a small lump the size of a pea that moved on my right testicle it has been hurting what could it be?
"I have a small rash in my vagina, i'm not sexually active so what is it?"
I have a small red pimple on my left breast that is sometines itchy and never heals. i am 58 years old. what could it be?
"I have a sore ankle right where the ankle meets the foot, what could it mean?"
I have a sore on my rectum and i would like to know what it is. Who can I talk to?
I have a tooth which has broke in half which needs pulling. will it hurt?
I have a very small appetite. should i force myself to eat meals even when i'm not hungry?
I have a week to wait for my cortisol tests. what can i do while i wait?
I have a white bubble on the back of my lip and i'm not sure if it is a mouth ulcer or a cold sore. how can you tell the difference?
I have about 5 blisters around my anus (butt hole) . is there anything that could cause blisters down there besides herpes or an std ?
"I have acne and im using ""guinot antibiotic"" product for cleaning my skin and i have acne is it good product for acne skin?"
I have acne scars all over my back :( how to get rid of it?
I have almost completely lost the ability to think spontaneously. is the doc right on this one?
I have alot of acne on my forehead and i know blueberries are antioxidants! would it help to put it straight on my face?
"I have an ankle issue. does a brace from mcdavid help it heal, or just make it feel better when i have it on?"
I have an anxiety disorder what do i do?
"I have an eating disorder, i gained a lot of weight, i'm freaking out to the max. help?"
I have an extreme headache that is pounding my skull! plz help!!!!!?
"I have an infected dog bite, what things will I need to do?"
I have an infected toe. do i need antibiotics or can i get rid of it without them?
I have an itchy throat that wont go away?
"I have ankle pain, what can i do?"
I have ankle pains and knee pain on my right leg. I have to use a brace for both my knee and ankle but how does that help?
"I have anxiety about being sick to the stomach, any advice?"
"I have anxiety attacks, is my future child at risk for them too?"
"I have anxiety sadly is ""vitamin b-100 ultra b-complex"" safe for me?"
"I have anxiety, how do i get sleep?"
"I have anxiety, will medicine for it make me less shy, help me relax and make me more outgoing?"
I have arizona tea would that be good since it has antioxidants and vitamin c?
"I have awful dandruff, what do i do about it?"
I have bad anxiety and cause of it i think ive developed turrets any thoughts?
"I have bad anxiety attacks, how can i control it?"
"I have bad anxiety, right now it's really bad. Could it just be subconsious?"
I have been advised a medication of depaxil cr 25 for my ocd. can it make me dumb?
I have been depressed and i dont want my parents to know (long story) but im wanted to get pills to fix the depression. so help?
I have been diagonised with bipolar mania or w.e and about to start antipsychtoics. will i get tardtive dsynesia?
I have been eating a lot and i don't want to gain weight. what are some ways to calm my appetite?
I have been getting pains on my right on my stomach. Is this serious?
I have been getting these breakouts around my boobs. What is the cause of this?
I have been having pain much like a muscle being caught in my ribcage about 3 inches under my left breast. what does this sound like?
"I have been having stomach pains all around for 3 hours, along with a headache, and burping with indigestion. Help?"
"I have been struggling with bulimia, but tomorrow my friend is taking me to the school nurse to get help. should i tell my mum still?"
"I have been suffering with anorexia for 2 years now, i would like to get help and be healthy?"
I have been taking my medicine every 4 hours as i am supposed to but i still feel anxious. do you have any ideas?
"I have binge eating disorder, how do i make myself not hungry?"
"I have blackheads all over my entire face, how do i get rid of them?"
"I have bpd , should my anxiety problems be diagnosed as a separate anxiety disorder?"
I have broken my ankle and foot in two months will i be able to walk fine when im done?
"I have brother with antisocial personality disorder,what i can do for him?"
I have chronic anxiety and i just wonder is it permanent ill or it will cure ?
I have dark tarry stool and i also have ibs is it a symptom of ibs or something more serious?
I have depression and anxiety. can a psychologist/psychiatrist really help?
"I have depression and was wondering if you can buy antidepressants in shops, if so what's it called?"
"I have depression, and i really don't know what to do anymore, can anyone help?"
I have difficulty disposing of my anger. Do you have any recommendations?
I have dipixol injections. i feel very weak and stiff. and i can't stop eating so should I quit them?
I have eosionofils 7 percent.what to do?
I have extremely oily skin and acne. what's the best skin care product to use?
"I have fungi on my scrotum so i scrub my scrotum a lot and hard, can i get vasectomy if i scrub my scortum hard?"
"I have generalized anxiety disorder, and when last night i asleepsomeone please help..could anxiety really cause this?"
I have genital herpes so my partner can't give me head without becoming infected?
I have got a ankle sprained that has lasted more than 5 days. what to do ?
"I have had a burning nagging pain in my right side, in the area of my appendix, but have none..what could it b?"
"I have had a pain in my lower right side for about a week, and i don't know if i should go to the doctor or not?"
I have had a sprained ankle for about a month and a half. What can I do to treat this asap?
"I have had epididymitis for 7 months now, what treatment should i use, i have tried cipro and doxy.?"
I have had this itchy rash at the base of my penis which sometines gets redish and sometimes disappears. help!?
I have headaches everyday and i'm 16. Meds don't help what do I do?
I have horrible anxiety that causes me to vomit before every date i go on?
I have intense itching in my gluteal cleft and anus for years! How should I go about treating this?
I have just a bit of thigh fat and summer is coming soon and i want to wear shorts. are there any exercises i can do?
I have low self esteem and no confidence help?
"I have mild naseau, diahhera, abdominal burning, and fatigue for a week, what is it?"
I have never had a panic attack before or anything before but is it possible to have panic attacks in your sleep?
"I have no idea what is wrong with me, ive been dieting for around a year. I missed my period. what could be wrong?"
"I have not been able to walk on my ankle for 2 weeks or so, what should i do?"
I have not been able to walk on my ankle for 2 weeks what should i do?
"I have not been eating for the past few days, loss of appetite, anything i can do to stimulate it?"
"I have not grown an single inch since 8th grade. all through high school ive been the same height and weight, no facial hair. am i a late bloomer?"
I have now been sick four times since black friday of last year. why?
"I have one hemorrhoid in my anus , i think it is external it is not too bog , is it dangerous , should i go to my doctor ?"
I have pain in my lower left side side stomach anyone have an idea what this could be?
I have pain in the lower part of my tummy but is where the uterus would be. help?
"I have pains in my lower stomach, what is it?"
I have pains on my arms and tummy what should i do?
I have panic attacks very often. the doctors prescribed xanax but drugs are what started my disorder. any help?
I have poison ivy all over my face! please help!?
"I have really bad anxiety, and my stomachs been really bad, is there a way to relieve it?"
"I have really bad excema on my hands and face , does anyone know a cure?"
"I have recently been treated for chlamidiya and gonorrhea, how long until the symptoms go away?"
"I have recently got a skin fungus called ringworm, does anybody know any home remedies to get rid of it fast?"
"I have recently noticed a clear liquid discharge from my penis, whats wrong?"
I have recently started to not eat but i eat dinner with my parents. any tips on how to make it maybe look like i'm eating or something?
"I have red blotches on my feet, what is the cause of them?"
"I have red, flat dots on my foot and ankle?"
"I have rheumatoid arthritis, i am 26/f , should i get married?"
I have right maxillary sinusitis. what is the best antibacterial to keep it under control for long time ?
I have scarring on my lungs and i awake up every two hours at night.can my breathing be causing it?
"I have serious stomach cramps caused by a lot of air in my stomach, which is causing serious burping?"
I have severe anxiety disorder. any advice on how to get out more?
I have severe depression. could i have bipolar as most of the family members have it?
"I have severe eczema, should i go and see a dermatology specialist?"
"I have sharp pulsing pains in my right side during my period, should i be worried?"
"I have sleep paralysis all the time since i was a little girl, is this normal?"
I have slight anxiety. Any good solutions?
"I have slight pain in my left lower abdomen, its only when i press on it or strain it. is that appendicitis?"
"I have small worms wriggling in my feces, help?"
I have social anxiety how do i stop my obsessive thoughts?
I have stuffy nose and fever.. should i go to the er?
"I have such bad anxiety, im afraid its my appendix. can a colonoscopy diagnose appendicitis?"
I have the urge to cut myself and i feel a lot of anxiety built up. Is there a better to relieve this?
"I have this pain on my side, what could it be?"
I have this really unbearable pain on my right side hand it is making me hard to move cuz of the pain could it be appendicitis?
I have this shooting pain in my pelvis. What could it be?
"I have this weird pain in the right side, more by my hip. what should i do?"
I have three ringworms! help!?
I have to pee frequently even after i urinate i feel like i have to go again. i feel pain on my bladder. What is this?
I have trouble breathing at night?
I have trouble meeting new people. if you were in my shoes what would you do?
I have upper and lower abdominal pain (i've already had appendicitis). does anyone know what it could be?
I heard some girls talking about anorexia buddies- what is it?
"I heard somewhere that 'some' people with a traumatic past are actually better off not going for therapy. could this be true and if so, why?"
I heard that masturbating after a large meal could make it better and also i heard backhand. Any truth to that?
I heard the iud is 99.6. so do antibiotics still affect it and is it the expulsion rate in the first year?
I hit my ankle in the soft area on the inside of my foot between my heal and bone. it is very swollen. What can I do?
"I just got my appendix removed and i have to go to work tomorrow, what should i do?"
I just got my appendix removed yesterday and now it hurts to urinate. is this normal?
"I just got my appendix removed, and is it normal to miss two weeks of work,when should i go back to work?"
I just got prescribed fluexotine today for moderate-severe anxiety and am wondering what to expect over the next few weeks?
"I just had 3 fillings, my teeth cleaned and now i have pain in my teeth, jaws and a bad headache?"
I just have a bad stomach ache or constipation again. could my appendix be acting up?
"I just need something to take the edge off,i was wondering if ""clonidine"" would work?"
"I just picked my wart, its bleeding heavily. help!?"
I just started taking fluexotine today for anxiety and am wondering what to expect?
"I just took two advil for menstrual cramps, and i need to take ceftin for my sinus infection. Can I?"
"I just woke up feel like i'm gonna be sick and keep getting really sharp pains in my stomach, help?"
"I keep coughing up mucus, how do i make it stop?"
I keep feeling really sick and keep getting bad heartburn what could it be?
I keep getting flashbacks of events that have never actually happened to me. do you know why this could be?
"I keep getting itchy spots/bumps on my skin, what are they?"
"I keep getting sores inside of my mouth, what can I do?"
"I keep getting stomach pain/upset and acidophilus stops it, whats causing this?"
I keep having anxiety / panic attacks. how can i deal with them and get rid of them?
I keep having intrusive thoughts about being clean and picking my skin. Is this some sort of mental issue?
"I keep making bad decisions, how do i work my future out?"
"I know i've got depression, i dont need a doctor to tell me that. but do they have to prescribe anti depressants or what?"
I know that cipro can affect blood sugar while you are taking it. is there any evidence that it can cause diabetes or prediabetes?
"I know they are made from the same plant, but does the different ways of making them change the nutrients as well?"
"I know what anti-depressants are, but is there such a thing as ""happy"" pills?"
I like to brush my teeth with just water because it feels a lot cleaner than when i use toothpaste. is this okay?
I m a female i m 19.doc told that my chromosomes is xy what i do to change into xx i m very worry?
I masterbated for first time 2-3 weeks ago and my period is 6 days late. worried?
"I masterbated now i have blood and oil coming out my anus, what do i do?"
"I masturbate constantly because i feel depressed, is this healthy or is there something wrong?"
"I may have to get my appendix removed, all of the surgerys images make it look soo painful, should i be scared?"
"I mean i can walk and everything and the pain isnt constant, is this appendicitis?"
I need a way to relieve my high anxiety and stress. What do you recommend?
I need advice about pain in my lower stomach and its hurting badly been to doctors thay said nothing is wrong. What to do?
I need advice on how to recover from a hurt ankle?
I need help as soon as possible i've been getting some kind of rashes on my penis. Who should I see for this?
I need help figuring out if i should say something to my prn medical staffing company over an incident or not?
I need help to find out the symptoms of post natal depression i am 17 years old have a 7month old child all i do.is want to cry or feel really down?
I need help weird liquid and smell coming from my bellybutton?
"I need help, got put on a new anti-depressants because my old one was failing but now i have a dilemma?"
I need resources and aid in my recovery from a broken ankle?
I need to eat and drink but there are boys at my house and i don't want them to see my acne face.. help!!?
"I need to find some highway anxiety relief! Always get really nervous when driving on the highways, what can I take?"
I need to get my tooth pulled out in 2hours. but i'm terrified of needles like really bad! how sore is it?
"I need to know can blueberries, dark chocolate 85% coco, 100% green tea, and fat free yogurt. help you lose weight?"
I need to know some facts about anorexia please help?
I need to lose weight fast but in a heathy way can anyone help me?
"I never get wet, even when fully turned on. Is something wrong with me?"
I never sleep on sunday because i'm nervous about going back to school. Is this normal?
I once got hives from eating crab. can i ever go into anaphylactic shock if i eat it again?
I picked a scab off my cold sore and now the skin is pink what do i do?
I planned to drinking carrot juice daily what are the benefits i will get? At the same time is there any side effect?
I popped my pimple but it's still there. What can I do?
I pretty sure i have anxiety attacks and i have moderate social anxiety. can someone give me advice?
"I prevented my cats from fighting & i got scratched on my vein & now my arm is numb, now what?"
I punched a wall and it won't stop hurting. How to treat this?
I quit caffeine about 5 weeks ago and haven't had any appetite since. what's going on?
I quit my job this week over my depression and anxiety and now have more anxiety. What can I do?
"I randomly get the shakes alot lately. i'm not cold, it's like when you're nervous or anxious and get shakey. what could it possibly be?"
I realized im head over heels traumatized over being bullyed in elementary school. Would seeing a therapist be a good idea?
I really like chocolate like a lot but i don't wanna keep eating it all the time like is there a way it can be healthy?
I really want to start doing squats but i have a few questions about the whole thing. how long does it take to see results?
I received a block in my right thigh after surgery on foot . thigh becomes numb if i lay down for awhile. Is this normal?
I recently sprained my ankle it hurts real bad i can't really walk on it but does it require me to wear a boot or a cast?
I recently twisted my ankle longboarding and i would like to know how to fix it any help?
"I refuse to take my anti deppressants,is it my fault i'm depressed?"
I ripped the sole of my foot open with a nail protruding from the floor 4 days ago. How long will my face scab take to heal?
I rolled my ankle how could i make it feel better quicker?
I shaved my vagina and now im getting dark scabs please help?
I sleep approximately 6-10 hours a week. is that healthy?
I sleep the number of hours people are awake and am awake the number of hours people sleepwhat is wrong?
"I slept with a very good health, and woke up with a massive pain on the left lower back. what should i do?"
I smoked weed 2 days ago for the first time since december and in december i only smoked 2 times. am i clean?
I sometimes lose my appetite for a while then it comes back after..why does this happen?
I sprained my ankle 2 years ago and it still hurts sometimes. What can I do for the pain?
I sprained my ankle from skateboarding how long will it take to heal?
"I sprained my ankle on thursday, how long before i can put weight on it?"
"I sprained my ankle today and i read and got told to ""elevate it above my heart"" but how does that help?"
"I sprained my ankle, and i'm trying to tough it out. can it turn into a break if not treated?"
I started taking an antibiotic and then my vagina started to itch and now when have sex its ok but after it burns when i pee and it itch in the hole and around it i really need help what is this?
I started taking lamictal last night for a mood stabilizer and i'm wondering how long it will take to work?
I stood up and my knee popped now i have pain in left side of my right knee what could this be?
I stopped eating because of stress and now i can't start again?
"I suffer anorexia, and i need professional help. how do i tell my parents?"
I suffer from anorexia. i have now for a year. i don't know how to tell my boyfriend that i have an ed. or how he will take it. any suggestions?
I suffer from anxiety and stress because of this i get random pains and shaking is there a way to stop it?
I suffer from epilepsy and am taking anti convulsants. can pomegranate juice be harmful for me?
I take 1200 mg of gabapentin twice daily and still have back pain. how much more can i take?
"I take adderall 30mg for add(inthe morning), and i can't sleep. should i take ambien or doxylamine?"
I take zyprexa for schizophrenia and been on it for 7 months. what are the danger symptoms that lead to death with zyprexa?
"I think i broke a little toe and twisted my ankle, should i go to the doctor?"
I think i broke my hymen trying to take the mooncup out. What would be a sign of this?
I think i got a bladder infection or kidney. how did i get one?
I think i got athletes foot what do i do to get rid of it?
I think i had an anxiety attack after watching a horror film. could there be more to the attack itself?
I think i have a small cut on my penis. please help.?
I think i have anxiety but my parents don't believe me!how do i prove it?
I think i have anxiety disorder and im depressed or really stressed. What can it do?
I think i have appendicitis but im not sure.. help?
I think i have appendicitis but i'm not sure.. help?
"I think i have depression. i don't want to see anyone about it, so what can i do to make it better on my own?"
"I think i have puss on my toe from stubbing it and peeling the skin back, what should I do about this?"
"I think i have ringworm, should i go to doctor immediately?"
"I think i have ringworm, should i go to the doctor as soon as possible?"
"I think i have social anxiety disorder, but because of it i am too anxious to seek help?"
I think i may have a eating disorderwho besides my parents can i talk to about this and how do i tell them?
I think i may have anxiety i don't really know what are the obvious symptoms?
"I think i may have pinched a nerve in my ankle, what should i do?"
I think i might be anorexic because people keep telling me that i'm really skinny. The other part of me is obsessed with losing weight. i just want to know is this anorexia and if it is what to do?
I think i might be suffering from bipolar rather than depression. How do I get diagnosed?
I think i might have a ocd and a mild form of depression. what can i do?
I think i might have overdosed on dimetapp tablets i took 10. what will happen to me?
I think i might have some kind of involuntary anorexia. What can I do about this?
"I think i stopped breathing in my sleep, but i'm not sure. what could this be?"
I think im going through a nervous breakdown. How do i calm myself down?
I think i'm having anxiety attacks should i go to the doctor?
"I think my body has gotten used to my anxiety and paranoia. Still feel it, i feel. normal. i don't feel as anxious as before. why is this?"
I think my sister is becoming anorexichow long would it take for her to start loosing weight in one week?
I thought of taking l-theanine to reduce my anxiety. will it create any problem or side effect if i stop later?
"I took 100 mg of valium over a 5 day period and i need to take 40mg of strattera and prozac, any danger?"
"I took 120 mg of valium over a 5 day period and take 40mg prozac and strattera, is this dangerous?"
"I took a 1mg klonopin, do i have to worry about having another anxiety attack tonight or no?"
I took a shower and noticed my pee was brown help?
I took antibiotic after dinner i only ate a small amount and my stomach hurts how can i reduce th pain or stop the pain?
"I totally just ate too much food, and i feel guilty and fat. help?"
I used to eat alot of aloe vera but i recently stop because my vagina smells like aloevera is this good or bad?
I used to have every single anxiety disorder?
"I usually get sinus headaches 2 times a week, but it's only when i'm trying to get to sleep. can anyone explain why that is?"
"I usually peel the hard skin off my big toe, could i get an infection? How would i know if i get an infection?"
I wake up and get racing thoughts and images also suddenly not caring and just wanting s*x and drugs why?
I wake up every few hours in the night. What can I do to get better sleep?
I wake up every morning covered in sweat znd get headaches. Why could this be happening?
I walk really weird and have anxiety because of it. do you think this would be considered performance anxiety?
"I wanna quit nicotine all together but i always cave and find some source of nicotine, any suggestions?"
I want my long thick hair back ! any tips and advice how to make my scalp healthy again and sooth it and grow my hair ?
"I want to completely eliminate emotions such as anger, love, hatred, disappointment, empathy and sexual attraction. how can i achieve that?"
"I want to go on the grapefruit and egg white diet for 5 days or so, and i wanted to know if it could help trim down thigh fats and belly fat too?"
"I was anorexic for about 2 weeks, how to speed up your metabolism and not be anorexic?"
I was anorexic once but now cant lose weight again. Why could that be?
I was born with a crooked heart literally. Doctor said my heart was more to the left side of the body than a regular heart should be so it was crooked. should i be worried?
"I was constipated for the past few days and now i have pretty bad diarrhea, is that normal?"
"I was cured from chlamydia, i got the antibiotic shot like a couple of weeks ago. Had sex last week, do you think the antibiotics are still in my system?"
I was diagnosed with a low form of bell's palsy how long until i see results?
I was just wondering because if its a few days then that's off putting but can you leave like a few hours after the surgery?
I was on viibryd for 18 months then the doctor got me off. what happens if i take it only once?
I was recently prescribed abilify and celexa along with another drug that helps with side affects. is it safe to drink a couple beers while on it?
I was sleeping and when i opened my eyes i relized my heart rate was at 152 what could cause this?
"I was taken advantage of, how do i get over it?"
I was talking to a friend after a trip to the e.r and this question poped into my head. can anyone help me out?
I was told that you cannot take antibiotic when you have glandular fever. is this true?
"I was treated for chlamydia and gonorrhoea with antibiotics, can i reinfect myself by having sex with condom?"
i was wondering if i could have an anaphylactic reaction just from a kiss on the hand?
I was wondering if you could eat bananas or any other kind of fruits while being on ciprofloaxcin?
"I weight 60kg, 164cm i think my thighs are too big any ideas or thoughts about liposuction ?"
I went into surgery the other day and came out with canker sores on my throat! Help?
I went to get my eye exam and i was told there was swelling behind my eyes and that i need see an eye doctor what could could it be?
I wiped my shower temperature dials with antibacterial wipes cos i thought there might of been sperm on there. Would that be enough?
I woke up in the night with dyspnea. does it have to be a cardiac symptom? Or could it be something else?
I woke up this morning and i had a horrible stomach ache how do i get rid of it?
I woke up with chest(left side) pain. was that angina or heartburn?
"I work out around 6 days a week (weights/cardio), have cut all junk out of my diet.should i see results soon?"
I worry every day that something bad is going to happen to me. how can i make this stop?
I would just like to know how i could overcome extreme anxiousness and utter shyness?
"Iam looking for a good moisturizer, my skin is oily but it depends on the product it gets dry?"
Ideal places to go on a date with someone with anxiety disorder?
"If a psychiatrist develops a mental disorder, can they diagnose and treat themselves?"
If antibiotics don't work for an infection does it worsen the infection ?
If both vagus affected will the patient be able to sense his angina or appendicitis pain?
"If depression is caused by an inflammation on the brain, why can't we detected it with an mri?"
if i ask to have my mole removed under general anesthetic will they allow it?
"If i ate 51 calories a day, what would happen?"
"If i chew food until the taste is gone then spit it out, do i still gain weight?"
If i cure my depression does anxiety go away too?
If i don't eat and work out what happens?
If i drank warm water with lemon then drank hot green tea right after another will this speed up my metabolism?
"If i drink green tea and eating fruits as my diet, will i lose 20 kg in 2 weeks?"
"If i drink milk, do my stomach still becomes hurt and get explosive diarrhea because i'm lactose intolerant or not?"
If i eat 100 cals a day will i lose a lot of weight?
If i eat 3500cal of carrots would i gain the same amount of weight as if i eat 3500cal of chocolate?
"If i eat nothing for 7 days, and then binge the 8th will i lose weight without hitting starvation mode?"
"If i feel crazy, does that mean i'm crazy?"
"If i feel sick when i don't take my multivitamin, what is the likelihood that i have a deficiency?"
If i go manic on anti-depressants am i bipolar?
"If i have oral herpes, which i'm not sure of 100% yet, will i for sure get genital herpes?"
"If i have oral herpes, will i get genital herpes?"
If i have posterior tibial tenderness as a track athlete should i end my season?
If i have sad would i be able to cope working in retail shops?
If i jerk it too much can it lead to future problems?
"If i jog 2.5k everyday for 2 weeks, do you think i would then be able to do a 5k run without stopping?"
"If i need to get a varicella vaccine for school but have already had the chicken pox, may i skip it?"
"If i put a lot of pressure on an unbroken ankle, will it cause long term damage?"
If i stop taking keppra will i have a siezure?
If i stretch to get taller will my torn cartilage on my ankle go back into place or will it make it worse?
If i was exposed to bed bugs potentially 5 months ago would it be obvious by now?
If i washed blood off my hands and i cant see it anymore is the blood gone from my hands?
If i washed blood off my hands with soap and i cant see it anymore is the blood gone from my hands?
If i work out everytime i get anxious as my father suggested then what will happen?
If i'm an obsessive thinker does it mean i have ocd?
If i'm not having a herpes outbreak am i still contagious?
"If i've previously had an ulcer, and i am displaying all the symptoms, could it be coming back? Would it be a horrible idea to put myself back on the treatment i was previously on?"
"If my ankles crack and pop and hurt right off the bat in the morning, is that a sign of arthritis?"
If my anus hairs smell bad should i see a doctor?
If my appendicitis were gonna burst how far in advance would we know?
If my sprained ankle doesnt hurt to walk on should i still walk on it?
"If pesticides are proven to effect serotonin levels in the brain, is it dangerous to take ssri's?"
If semen is up in prostate will it go back to testicles?
"If someone says they love you, but you only feel pain and tell yourself it's not true.. if you don't feel your worth loving. is that normal?"
If someone starts taking antidepressants does that mean they don't need emotional support anymore?
"If untreated, can depression cause you to have physical health problems?"
"If you are diagnosed as anorexic, will you automatically get put in a clinic or only if certain things occur or what?"
If you are getting tested for erectile dysfuntion can you decline prostate exam?
If you ate only 200 calories a day for one week how much weight would you lose?
If you can pass gas is it possible to have appendicitis?
"If you cough with your mouth closed, do any germs escape?"
If you do not eat your guidline daily amount could this cause a puffier face due to body storing fat?
"If you don't have rebound tenderness, can you rule out appendicitis?"
If you eat until you feel sick then throw up then you start eating again and repeat isthis considered bulimia?
"If you go to counseling / therapy and take anti depressants, how long would it take to recover from moderate to severe depression?"
If you have a urinary tract infection would you have pain in your right side?
If you have anxiety can you smoke medical weed?
"If you have appendicitis, is it possible for some of the symptoms to heal?"
"If you have bpd, is the only treatment dbt or nothing?"
"If you have depression and anxiety, what medication(s) do you take for it?"
If you have factor 5 leiden can you donate blood?
If you have recovered from anorexia physically do you still remain anorexic mentally?
If you have your appendix removed can you still concieve?
"If you injected numbing stuff into someone's eye, what would happen?"
If you leave clonazepam unexpectedly is there long lasting side effects?
If you must take an antibiotic (tetracycline) and get a yeast infection is it possible to cure both?
If you only drink water and only eat a small snack for 4 days how much weight will you lose?
"If you put on weight by not eating, how come people who don't eat get skinny and anorexic?"
If you starved yourself for 3 days how much weight would u lose?
"If you take anger management classes does that permanently stay in your records, like your background?"
If you tell your doctor that sometimes you think about killing yourself will they lock you up?
"If you were 5'2, and 118 lbs, and ate less than 800 calories a day while exercising for 30 min, how long would it take before you would get under 100?"
If your foot (toe) is infected what happens?
"If your lips have an allergic reaction, how long does it take to show up?"
If your overweight and go anorexic until you are at a healthy weight is it ok?
"If you're anorexic, can it be harder to get your heart rate up while exercising?"
I'm 16 years olds and i want to be safe you know and also will it help me with my anxiety a little ?
"I'm 16, is it bad for me to take gnc mega men performace vitamins?"
I'm 17 and i have sleep apnea how can i get rid of it ?
"Im 17 male and want to lose weight but to embarassed to go to gym, what can i do at home?"
I'm 18 and i get heartburn does this mean anything is wrong with me could it possibly be that i have cancer?
"Im 18 and over the last few weeks ive been getting angry at nothing, how do i know if i have anger problems ?"
"I'm 20f, why is my resting heartbeat so fast. i can't even sleep!!!?"
"Im 21 year old woman and im a wreck, i have chronic fatigue syndrome, anxiety disorder, arthritis in one hand, i mean whats the point in living?"
I'm 21 years old. i'm taking a multivitamin and omega 3s. anything else i'm missing?
I'm 42 years old my bp consistenly at 140/95 sometimes diastolic 100 what kind of antihypertensive is good?
I'm 5'8 and 122.lbs..is this a healthy weight?
I'm 6'1 about 320-330 in trying to lose about 50 pounds what do i do to lose that weight?
Im 62 just started getting allergies what can i take?
I'm a 17 year old girl i'm 159cm tall 40.5 kg bmi: 16 if i eat 2500+ cals a day how much do you think i would gain in a week?
"I'm a 22 year old female. i feel the climax and the release. but it doesn't actually feel good, why?"
"I'm a 24 year old virgin and it's so hard to meet girls due to social anxiety. life sucks, need advice?"
I'm a dancer and have been experiencing ankle pain for several months now. What could this mean?
"I'm a female getting throbbing dull pain in my lower pelvic on my left side, any suggestions?"
Im afraid i might have a brain aneursym. What kind of tests should I get done?
I'm afraid that when i go i'll end up having an anxiety attack. how do i prepare myself?
Im afraid to drive now since my anxiety attack while driving. any advise?
I'm almost 5ft6. i weight 147 pounds i need to lose 40 pounds help!!!?
I'm also on my period and its not cramps i think its appendicitis but i'm not really sure.what should i do?
"I'm always sick & having 2 take antibiotics every 1-2 months and i always get yeast infections from them. I'm getting really tired of them, is it normal to get a yeast infection from antibiotics?"
Im always sleepy! what can i do?
"I'm always tired but i get an average amount of sleep, whats wrong?"
I'm aware that you need to take extra precautions when you're on antibiotics but will it affect the pills i've already taken?
"Im becoming evil and controlling because of my past, help me please?"
"I'm beginning to be depressed about life and i am having acne all over my body, what can i do to stop this?"
I'm deeply depressed but i don't want to feel better- what is wrong with me?
"I'm diagnosed with neuropathy, but i don't exactly believe that's what it is. what are some other explanations of the symptoms of neuropathy?"
I'm experiencing unpredictable chest pain. any ideas why?
Im extremely skinny and im sick of it. how do i gain weight?
I'm fat. how can i lose weight fast?
"I'm feeling emotionally numb, no feelings for my boyfriend all of the sudden. do i need a psychiatrist?"
I'm getting a root canal done on tuesday still taking my antibiotics would it be okay?
I'm getting similar pains and symptons to appendicitis but my appendix was removed. what could it possibly be?
I'm going to a contact lens trial tomorrow and i'm a bit scared. any advice?
"I'm going to be alone for the next week and i suffer from anxiety and paranoia, any advice to help?"
"Im going to disneyland the day before having my wisdom teeth pulled, anything i should be avoiding?"
Im have real bad pain in my left side. just wanna make sure its nothing serious. what side is the appendix on?
I'm having a lot of chest pain should i go to the doc?
Im having a operation to get my appendix taking out-will it hurt after the surgery?
"I'm having a tooth extraction, what can i take for the pain that is not a anti-inflammatory or has codeine in it?"
"I'm having a wart on my upper lip treated by a dermatologist, but the office is closed until tomorrow. What can I do in the meantime?"
I'm having a weird recurring uti. What kind of specialist should I talk to?
I'm having anxiety and smoking seems to help but that goes against everything I live for. What should I do!?
I'm having back pain that goes away when i apply pressure to my stomach. What does this sound like and how can I fix it?
Im having chills and hot flashes 4 days after an appendectomy. is this normal or should i be worried?
"Im having pains in my right lower body, around my appendix area is, what it could it be?"
I'm having really bad anxiety help?
I'm having reccuring muscle spasms. what's going on?
"I'm having severe pain above my right hip. The pain is very severe when i walk, i have no appendix. sometimes the pain runs across my abdomen. any idea what it could be?"
I'm having some discomfort in that area (not sharp or stabbing) but it's really bothering me. how can i tell if i actually have it or not?
I'm having the cartilage of my ear pierced tomorrow and wondering whether it hurts loads?
I'm having three teeth pulled out. should i be scared?
"I'm having unknown chest pain and i need some help, i'm running out of ideas?"
Im in a fog. i cant handle normal situations because i get very anxious and feel very on edge. whats wrong with me?
Im in a major depression and thinking of suicide. help?
Im just acting normal but inside i feel horrible. is this an anxiety disorder?
I'm just curious now. how exactly do they test for depression and anxiety and where do you go to get tested?
Im just starting prozac and was wondering what will happen if my depression increases?
"I'm miserable and hopeless, don't know what to do or who i am anymore?"
"I'm not pregnant, it's one week late i haven't had proper sleep for the past month and been a little stressed is this enough to make it late?"
"I'm not saying i am, but if i was anorexic could i make the anorexia go away?"
Im not sure why but i keep getting anxiety attacks at random times why is that?
Im on a diet and i work out every weekday and i wanna eat healthy any meals. Any recommendations?
"I'm on antibiotics, can i have one glass of alcohol?"
I'm on antidepressants but they make me more depressed. Should I try something else?
"Im on fluexotine, and i am going to a party tomorrow night, can i drink whilst on them or will there be side effects?"
"I'm on the pill effexor. i take 1 every morning but i am having a rough night and can feel the anxiety building, is it safe take one tonight too?"
I'm over weight and really want to lose the extra pounds. what are some ways to lose weight fast?
"I'm pretty sure i have major anxiety, but i don't know about depression. What are symptoms of both?"
"I'm really depressed and angry, what do i do?"
I'm really stressed out about the end of the school year. how would i relieve my stress?
I'm recovering from anorexia and is it weird to feel hungry all the time?
I'm scheduled to have a laproscopic tubal ligation this week and a little worried. What to expect?
"I'm seeing a therapist next week and i know they cant give you meds, but if i find myself a primary doctor. could they prescribe me antidepressants?"
"I'm sick and have very little appetite, but should i try to eat anyway?"
"I'm so close to suicide, i'm freakishly tall 6'4 and have an ugly face. Is there any hope for me?"
I'm so scared to have an anaphylactic reaction and keep getting so paranoid about my allergy and its driving me crazy. what does it feel like?
"I'm still a little itchy after two days of receiving the antibiotic, is this normal?"
Im stressing out about toning my legs and stomach please help?
I'm tired of being depressed and feeling anxious and panicky. Any advice?
I'm tired of starving or binging and purging; what to do?
I'm very anxious most of the time and i keep on needing to have a number 2. what can i do to stop myself?
"I'm very constipated, having trouble eating because of the pressure. what could be wrong with me?"
"In 17 years old, work out 4 times a week and eat in moderation. is it normal for a teenager to eat this much chocolate?"
In my lower right abdomen and i was told it might be my appendix. do you think my appendix ruptured?
"In the first of its three stages, which potentially fatal sti can be treated and cured with antibiotics?"
"In your 30's 40's and 50's, what's the chances of needing any kind of surgery?"
Inflamed throat causing large discomfort. what's wrong with me?
Ink stamp on my hand help please. Could this give me ink poisoning?
Insomnia & anxiety problems: need solutions to better sleep?
"Intrusive thoughts and every time i get them, i get anxiety. what can help calm me down and help me think positively?"
Is 400-600mg quetiapine high dose?
Is 90% dark cocoa good for you?
Is a 7 hour hike on steep terrain too much for a normal person?
Is a antibacterial soap best for pimples ?
Is a boot better for an ankle sprain or is a splint better?
Is a brain aneurysm counted as cancer?
Is a bruised ankle the same as a sprained ankle?
Is a little bit of pus normal for a new belly button piercing?
Is a little bit of pus on a wound a good thing?
Is a male able to insert a tampon?
Is a personality disorder the same as bipolar ?
Is a shower enough to cleanse you of bacterias and everything we touch everyday?
Is a skin tag removal from the anus considered a hemorrhoidectomy?
Is a stage 2 heart murmur a reason for concern?
Is a therapist allowed to prescribe things other than antidepressants?
Is all this bloating and discomfort early signs of appendicitis or could it be period related?
Is almomd milk healthier than whole milk?
Is an ecg and blood test enough to prove my heart is fine?
Is anaphylaxis a disease?
Is anhedonia (feeling nothing) reversible by therapy?
Is anorexia starving yourself and making yourself throw up or is that a different type of distorter?
Is anorexia that bad if you still get enough vitimins and nutrients?
Is antibiotic used to help with glandular fever?
Is antidepressants the best treatment for mild to moderate depression or is placebo the best answer?
Is antioxidant good for your body?
Is antioxidant strawberry&berries juice bad for someone with a uti?
Is anxiety a side affect to depression?
Is anxiety disorder curable?
Is any green tea healthy for weight loss?
Is appendicitis always an emergency?
Is appendicitis hereditary?
Is Bacterial folliculitis still contagious on antibiotics?
Is becoming anorexic healthy?
Is being anorexic a choice?
Is being anxious about having depression normal?
Is being excessively tired a good enough reason to go see a doctor?
Is being gay and not coming out causing me to have fits?
Is being sleepy after meals normal w diabetes?
Is bleeding at injection site with nexplanon normal?
Is chemo same thing used for hepatitis c treatment?
Is chewing and spitting a form of purging?
Is consuming hot wings every weekend bad for the digestion sytem?
Is cracking toes with sprained ankle bad?
Is darkspots curable via homeopathy?
Is daydreaming a good distraction from anxiety?
Is depression a serious thing?
Is depression an illness that you need medicine to get rid of?
Is depression really curable?
Is double meaning perception a symptom of schizophrenia or anxiety or both?
Is drinking water a sign of recovery with parvo?
Is drying up poison ivy the main thing to do?
Is eating baking soda bad for your health ?
Is edmr and dbt the only treatments for ptsd and bpd?
Is effexor good for anxiety/chronic headaches?
Is epipen jr auto injectors used for all allergic reactions or just emergency reactions?
Is full recovery from anorexia nervosa possible?
Is generalized anxiety disorder is permanent ill or it can be cure?
Is getting annoyed easily part of puberty?
Is getting your tongue clipped/tongue tied real?
Is grapejuice good for you?
Is gym supposed to feel like a chore?
Is having a period right after surgery normal?
Is having anxiety attacks a necessary part of being diagnosed with gad?
Is having brown discharge from the vagina normal when you have been dignosed with a bladder infection?
Is having thin wrists and ankles a bad thing?
Is hiv 1 rna test at 10 days post possible exposure considered confirmative?
Is holding in anger good?
Is homemade popcorn healthy?
"Is honey really good for you, or is it just a healthy, natural alternative to sugar?"
Is hydrocodone illegal?
Is hydrogen peroxide suppose to smoke when it is applied to a cut?
Is isolating yourself a form of self harm?
"Is it ""better"" to not take anxiety and depression medicine if your drinking/smoking weed?"
Is it a good idea for me to be anorexia when i am only 21?
Is it a good idea to play competitive soccer with a badly sprained ankle?
Is it a sickness wanting to be underweight?
Is it actually at all possible to get over social anxiety and depression?
Is it advised that i should shave my anus?
Is it alright of i make myself vomit up something that that is making me feel sick?
Is it bad for someone with a cardiac problems to get angry a lot?
Is it bad i rinsed my mouth after wisdom teeth removal?
Is it bad if i keep holding in all of my anger?
Is it bad if your ribs stick out badly?
Is it bad missing school because of anxiety?
Is it bad that i am taking antibiotics for my sinus infection?
Is it bad that i put my taper in after its infection?
Is it bad that my sprained ankle is still bruised and swollen after 14 weeks?
Is it bad to be having mini panic/anxiety attacks?
Is it bad to be mixing anti psychotic with anti depressant?
Is it bad to cry almost everyday for longer than a year?
Is it bad to do physical activity 2 months after i got my appendix taken out?
Is it bad to do upper body workouts every day?
Is it bad to drink alcohol on a sprained ankle?
Is it bad to exercise after you ate?
Is it bad to have a very low body fat percentage?
Is it bad to keep crying for 3 and more days?
Is it bad to put gauze directly over a cut?
Is it bad to stand in front of an air conditioner?
Is it bad to take antidepressants for physical pain or discomfort?
Is it bad to use flash anti-bacterial bathroom wipes on my face?
Is it best to have a boyfriend while suffering from anxiety and stress?
Is it common for anxiety to cause constant nausea?
Is it common that people don't like me on grounds that i am anxious?
Is it common to get a yeast infection after treating a uti?
Is it common to get sick while on antibiotics?
Is it common to have chlamydia with a yeast infection?
Is it common to weigh more immediately following an appendectomy?
Is it dangerous for up to six months pregnant woman to take antibiotic if she find out she as sti?
Is it dangerous to drink benadril and claritin together?
Is it dangerous to have a migraine for this long?
Is it easy to get the doctor to prescribe clonazepam/klonopin?
Is it good do push ups and pull up after eating chicken?
Is it good to cut down on carbs while losing weight?
Is it good to feel pain when stretching a sore muscle?
Is it good to stretch if my muscles are sore?
Is it healthy to go without eating for 9 hours everyday?
Is it healthy to lose seven pounds in a week?
Is it illegal to keep filling prescriptions even though you no longer take it?
Is it illegal to keep someone from taking antidepressants?
Is it mandatory to take pills at the same time each day such as anti-phycotics or anti-depressants?
Is it necessary to get help for self harm?
Is it necessary to go to the emergency room with a sprained ankle?
Is it normal being constipated for more than 5 months?
Is it normal for a mosquito bite to hurt?
Is it normal for a person to have slow reaction to anesthetic?
Is it normal for an anti-depressant be prescribed to be taken at nighttime instead of during the day?
Is it normal for anorexics to binge?
Is it normal for boys to get clear discharge?
Is it normal for my ankle that i sprained 3 yrs ago to still be hurting?
Is it normal for people with severe anxiety/panic disorder/depression to form an attachment to somebody?
Is it normal for strep throat to not be much better after 4 days of antibiotics?
Is it normal for teenagers to get anxiety attacks?
Is it normal for the person doing the x ray to touch your waist?
Is it normal for the skin between my vagina and anus to be a lighter color than the surrounding skin?
Is it normal for your period to be late after an appendectomy?
Is it normal or not if i put my fingers in my anus to take out the poop?
Is it normal to be able to feel all of the bones in your chest?
Is it normal to be unable to accept love?
Is it normal to eat a chocolate bar everyday?
"Is it normal to feel droswy in day while taking anafranil , lexapro and klonopin ?"
Is it normal to feel extremely worried about a new job ?
Is it normal to feel groggy and disorientated after staying inside for a few days?
Is it normal to feel like you can't breathe or get enough air with anxiety?
Is it normal to feel nauseous on my period?
Is it normal to feel upset or depressed after taking anti-depressants?
Is it normal to gain weight during puberty?
Is it normal to get anxiety with school work?
Is it normal to get scared over your own imagination?
Is it normal to have a bruise that lasts for over a year?
Is it normal to have a huge appetite a week before your period?
Is it normal to have a simple hallucination every so often?
Is it normal to have anxiety attacks and back pain and not want to go anywhere or do anything for a m?
Is it normal to have anxiety worse on your period?
Is it normal to have fevers everyday?
Is it normal to have horrible pms on birth control?
Is it normal to have panic attacks in your sleep?
Is it normal to have physical anxiety symptoms without feeling anxious?
Is it normal to just randomly faint?
Is it normal to lose your appetite and get nausea during your period?
Is it normal to not be able to move you ankle after the cast comes off?
Is it normal to poop out clarithromycin tablets?
Is it normal to socially withdraw yourself from society?
Is it odd that im afraid of growing up?
Is it ok for a 14 year old to take anti-depressants?
Is it ok for me to mix 2 different antidepressants together?
Is it ok if i use one antibacterial soap on my skin then use a different soap?
Is it ok to brush your tongue when oral thrush is present?
Is it ok to drink alcohol the night before i start my antibiotics?
Is it ok to drink pure olive oil for the atkins diet?
Is it ok to put tea tree and almond oil on a blister on your scalp?
Is it ok to take hgh if i have bicuspid aortic valve stenosis?
Is it ok to take unprescribed antibiotics when you have strep throat?
Is it ok to take wellbutrin if i have mild anxiety?
Is it okay if i drink two 20 fl oz bottles of diet soda a year?
Is it okay if i take tylenol even though i'm on anti depressant?
Is it okay to eat activia while taking metronidazole?
Is it okay to smoke weed while on antibiotics and birth control?
Is it okay to stop using antibiotics in the beginning after starting?
Is it okay to take dong quai while i take an anti depressant(prozac) ?
"Is it okay to take green tea extract, vitamin e complete, vitamin c, & resveratrol together?"
Is it okay to take pepto bismol while on bactrim?
Is it okay to tell my professor about my anxiety?
Is it okay to use nail cutters even though someone else used them too?
Is it okay to use smokeless tobacco pouches my tooth infection just cleared up?
Is it okay to wrap up a bruise?
Is it possbile to get rid of a cold withn 2 days or even one night?
Is it possible an antibiotic didnt work for chlamydia?
Is it possible for a 3 year old to have juvenile fibromyalgia?
Is it possible for a sociopath to have a breakdown and be hospitalized for it?
Is it possible for an antibiotic to reduce or stop constipation? Will this antibiotic get rid the infection in my piercing also?
Is it possible for appendicitis to go away?
Is it possible for me to have many disorders at a time?
Is it possible for teenagers to become bowlegged?
Is it possible to be fit and curvy at the same time?
Is it possible to buy an anesthetic that knocks you out?
"Is it possible to cure major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder?"
Is it possible to detect herpes from under a microscope?
Is it possible to drink antidepressants for the whole life and to be in good health?
Is it possible to eat too much cereal?
Is it possible to feel anxiety and depression when in a reality you actually don't have it?
Is it possible to feel anxiety and depression when you actually don't really have it?
Is it possible to feel dizzy after not taking antidepressants for three days?
Is it possible to feel unwell for several months without there being a serious underlying problem?
Is it possible to get a thigh gap in two weeks?
Is it possible to get bronchitis while on antibiotics?
Is it possible to get over anorexia without professional help?
Is it possible to get treatment for anxiety without medication?
Is it possible to grow out of anxiety attacks?
Is it possible to have anger attacks like panic attacks?
Is it possible to have blood on my poop if you hold your poo too long?
Is it possible to have both borderline and antisocial personality disorder?
Is it possible to have gad without the anxiety attacks?
Is it possible to have gonorrhea but not have symptoms until 6 months after contracting it?
Is it possible to have kidney pain from not drinking water if blood urine tests are normal?
Is it possible to have no side effects from celexa until years later?
Is it possible to have physical anxiety symptoms without feeling anxious?
Is it possible to have pinworms without the itchines or without clear visibility of them?
"Is it possible to just ""deal with"" severe add without medication?"
"Is it possible to literally 'tickle someone to death' ? If so, what would the cause of death be called ?"
Is it possible to lose 5kg in a week?
Is it possible to lose your period from exercise?
Is it possible to realise how much of a weight gainer a new med is after one pill?
Is it possible to recover from anorexia without gaining weight?
Is it possible to recover from over-masturbation?
Is it possible to remove someones genitals through their anus?
Is it possible to sprain your ankle and still have full range of motion without pain?
Is it possible to treat bipolar disorder without the use of anti-depressants?
Is it possiblle that my urethra is in my vagina?
is it possibly to have hirsutism/excessive hair growth but not have pcos?
Is it safe for me to eat shrooms if im on medications?
Is it safe that i weight lift as a 16 year old?
Is it safe to be using depakote and celexa at the same time?
Is it safe to go back to my exercise routine after my anxiety attack? Do you think if i seek help from a psychiatrist it would help?
Is it safe to go swimming while having a uti?
Is it safe to have water shot up your anus and will it come out?
Is it safe to masturbate with ice cubes?
Is it safe to run for people with flat foot?
Is it safe to take 4 50 mg tramadols?
Is it safe to take 4 ibuprofen at once?
Is it safe to take an anti histamine with ibuprofen and codeine ?
Is it safe to take antacid medication if i have an e. coli infection?
Is it safe to take flagyl (antibiotics) while on a water fast?
Is it safe to take gabapentin while taking anti-depressants?
Is it safe to take gravol while on antibiotics?
Is it safe to take midol with macrobid uti antibiotic?
Is it safe to take my walking boot off?
Is it safe to take oxycodone before the recommended time?
"Is it safe to take somas, lorocets, and oxycodone?"
"Is it safe to use antibacterial cream for ""down there""?"
Is it safe to use germ-x about every three hours?
Is it safe to walk on my broken ankle?
Is it sick that i am jealous of anorexics?
Is it still considered to be anorexic if only for 9 days?
Is it strange to still feel hungry after a decent meal at dinner?
Is it true that antibiotics can sometimes give people thrush?
"Is it true that deep breath technique, meditation, yoga etc., makes your anxiety even worse?"
Is it true that glutathione is safe for skin?
Is it true that nicotine withdrawal can cause panic attack?
Is it true that silver toe rings were originally worn to prevent athletes foot because the silver has an anti-fungal action?
Is it true that social anxiety often affects those with above-average intelligence?
Is it true that some people have nightmares whenever they fall asleep lying flat on their back?
Is it true that there are some antibiotics that don't effect yaz?
Is it true that your body can starve for longer after 3 days of eating nothing?
Is it true the co-operative red peppers reduce cancer?
Is it weird that i treat inanimate objects like living objects ?
Is it wrong to accept ssi if i have anxiety and a slight learning disabled with no job at age 27?
Is juice actually bad for you?
Is juicing bad when you are pregnant?
Is killing/hurting people in your head bad?
Is lamictal a good mood stabilizer for bipolar disorder?
Is lemon water/ apple cider vinegar more beneficial?
Is lipton green tea good for acne?
Is loss of appetite a sign of pregnancy ?
Is monistat safe to use?
Is mouth breathing harmful?
Is my anxiety getting in the way of me exercising?
"Is my daily sneezing, runny nose & blocked ears due to leaving my window open 2"" during the night?"
Is my doctor right that my ocd is me blocking emotions (good and bad) with these obsessions?
Is my life expectancy shortened because a bicuspid aortic valve?
Is my manic episode bad enough where i should get on medication for bipolar?
Is oatmeal always good for losing weight?
Is obsessive-compulsive disorder the mind's way to block emotions?
Is ongoing anorexia treatment a medical reason for a week of school?
Is ourmeds.org a scam site or is it legit?
Is overeating considered an eating disorder?
Is phenergan 25mg tablets any good for someone who has 3 hours sleep a night?
Is phenol used for surgical hand scrubs?
Is picking the skin around your finger nails to the point where it bleeds a form of self harm?
Is raspberry ketone fresh safe?
Is rubbing alcohol good to sterilize a razor blade?
Is sleeping a lot related to depression?
"Is smokeless tobacco is bad for anxiety disorder such as gad, obsessive compulsive disorder & panic disorder?"
Is spotting on your period normal with a uti?
Is starvation mode a myth?
"Is surgery recommended for a 65 yr old male, who has a thoratic anuerism that measures 4, no change in 5 yrs.?"
Is swelling and numbness normal 5 weeks after an ankle fracture?
Is taking a break from college a bad thing?
Is taking anti diarrhoea tablets and drinking alcohol bad for you?
Is taking multivitamin or multi-mineral tablets without doctor's prescription dangerous?
Is taking prohormones okay?
Is the incidence of appendicitis increasing or decreasing?
Is the reason for eating disorders always about weight?
"Is the skin from your anus, gouche, willy, and ballsack the same as the skin on the rest of your body?"
"Is the term depression, ocd, and more, being overused?"
"Is there a cure for general anxiety disorder? If not, what can I do?"
Is there a cure for herpes?
Is there a device that can measure how clogged your arteries already are?
Is there a difference between anorexia and anorexia nervosa?
Is there a difference between antacid and acid blockers?
Is there a disease for the opposite of anorexia?
Is there a disease or condition that causes the anus to stay open?
Is there a disorder for manipulating?
Is there a faster way to heal from an ankle sprain?
Is there a healthier way of anorexia?
Is there a medical condition that could prevent some diseases and conditions from showing up on blood tests?
Is there a mental illness that makes someone antisocial?
Is there a natural energy drink?
Is there a natural energy fruit?
Is there a natural energy vegetable?
Is there a natural prescription grade anti depressant i can take instead?
Is there a pill that will make me fall asleep within an hour?
Is there a reason that i'm always oversleeping?
"Is there a separate test for hiv, or can a doctor find out from a normal blood test?"
Is there a vitamin or something i can take over the counter for anxiety and depression?
Is there a way for me to lose weight without losing my breast size?
Is there a way to get anti-depressants without my mom knowing?
Is there a way to get anxiety medication without telling my parents?
Is there a way to get cosmetic surgery help for free?
Is there a way to help with depression that doesn't require anti-depressants or therapy?
Is there a way to make vaginosis go away completely?
Is there a word for acting like a beast when angered?
Is there an alternative to an anesthetic needle at the dentist?
Is there an alternative to root canal treatment?
Is there an anti depressant that only increases dopamine?
Is there an increase case of aneurysm lately?
Is there any food i should not eat while i hav pilonidal cyst?
Is there any link between oxygen absorption in the body or low blood oxygen with psoriasis/eczema?
Is there any medication that actually works for social anxiety and depression?
Is there any medication to get rid of infection in and around a tooth?
Is there any meds that stops or treats ocd -anxiety disorders effectively?
Is there any meds to help slow down your pulse?
Is there any online anger therapy online. i really need help?
"Is there any other eating disorders besides anorexia? If so, what are they?"
Is there any prescription medication that can make it difficult to talk/stutter?
Is there any relationship between thyroid and gastric?
Is there any way i can fix appendix pain without going to the doctor?
Is there any way i can overcome depression?
Is there any way of getting rid of thrush/yeast infections without coming off antibiotics?
Is there any way to check the anus without inserting anything in the anus?
Is there any way to curb my constant menstrual bleeding?
Is there any way to dissolve tapeworm before you pass it?
Is there any way to get rid of social anxiety that really works?
Is there any way to stop a bipolar episode?
"Is there any way to treat a perpetually ""blocked nose""?"
Is there any ways to help with mood swings caused by puberty?
Is there any website or app that i can use to help me lose weight and to motivate me?
Is there anyone out there with ankylosing spondylitis that has taken prednisone?
Is there anything else healthier to drink then nesquik?
Is there anything i can do regain appetite during chemo?
Is there anything i can do while on antidepressants to make them work faster?
Is there anything i can take to help me relax?
Is there anything i can take when i get over anxious or panic attacks.?
Is there anything i could take that's a bit better than alcohol?
Is there anything really wrong with a manic episode?
Is there anything wrong with being on meds for anxiety?
Is there anyway to get rid of blackheads completely?
Is there anyway to overcome ocd/anxiety?
Is there anyway to stop my funny heart beats?
Is there anywhere someone can go for serious counceling online?
Is there likely to be any permanent heart damage?
Is there medication to help me with the way i feel?
"Is there much difference between types of teas, beside how it's processed?"
Is there really a maximum daily dose for all drugs?
Is there some delineation between psychotic or bipolar behavior and pms ?
Is there something i can do to get rid of my uncontrolable anger and panic attacks?
Is there something i can take to maintain/gain weight?
Is there such thing as a fitness trainer online?
Is there viagra you can tke safely if you have a heart problem?
Is this a yeast infection or some other infection?
Is this normal in recovery from depression?
Is this pain normal after a surgery?
Is tim hortons/starbucks coffee that same healthy coffee people should be drinking?
Is tingling caused by anxiety or brain tumor?
Is tingling in forehead a possible tumor symptom?
Is widening aorta the same as enlarged?
Is xanax as dangerous as they say it is?
Is zoloft an anti-depression or anti-anxiety also can you develop intolerance to them?
Is zoloft prescribed to teenagers?
Is zzz quill a safe thing to take?
It always feels like my throat is full of mucus. i am 16 could this be puberty?
It always look like im crying.dust and wind makes it worse but even when im not going out its filled with tears.any help?
It be normal to have surgery booked for in two weeks time to have appendix out?
It feels like my head is going to explode due to obsessive compsulsive disorder. what do i do?
"It has been coming and going for hours, and hurts worse when im laying down. what's going on?"
"It hurts at the end when i pee, this has been happening for a week and from today the pain has started near my appendix. Will this have any negative health effects?"
It possible to pass gas if you have appendicitis?
Itchy red spots/bumps all over body. Looks like hives but not sure. How should I proceed?
"Ive aches in my abdomen all night, its not my period, and its not my appendix there gone. what could it be?"
I've been constipated for almost a week. yesterday i tried to go and only got half of it out. help?
I've been drinking low fat milk for awhile and recently started drinking almond milk. is it healthier than regular milk?
Ive been feeling anxiety when i try to sleep or when i just feel bored or lonely im not sure why?
I've been feeling weird in my stomach but not pain just a gassy sharp feeling in my stomach. could it be that or no?
"I've been getting a burning feeling in my stomach after taking my pills, how do i make it stop?"
"I've been getting angry a lot recently & been getting home & just wanting to disappear, help?"
I've been having a bad cough the last few weeks and even with cough drops it only goes away for a while. what should i do?
"I've bitten my nails all my life, how can i get them looking healthy again?"
I've broken both of my ankles! How can I get around now?
"I've broken my ankle and im due to start my period in a few days, help?"
"I've get anxiety attacks sometimes, please help?"
I've gone from completely depressed to feeling nothing at all. Is this normal?
"Ive got an itchy inner ear, what should i do?"
"I've got this weird, frequent, and temporary rash. need a little bit of help on what to do about this?"
"Ive had 2 weeks off due to removing my appendix, will my work fire me?"
I've had a kidney infection for two weeks and the antibiotics that i have been on ain't helping what should i do?
"I've had a minor sore throat for the last week or so. now my eyes are gooping up, a white discharge. What's going on?"
I've had a pain in my upper stomach for about 3 months now. sometimes it burns. what should i do?
I've had a stomach ache for over a week now.. anything OTC I can take?
I've had an x-ray today at frenchay but they said to come back tomorrow and go in a fracture clinic what will they do to my ankle and foot asap?
"I've had sex before, but we were both virgins. i've had some type of yeast coming out. what is it?"
"I've just had my 4 wisdom teeth out, worried about getting a dry socket?"
I've missed 2 periods and am sexual active. me and my boyfriend use condoms. i don't think any broke or anything. what could be wrong?
I've not pooped in 3 days. how long can i keep this up?
"Ive only had oral sex with only my boyfriend. if he does have genital warts, is it likely to transmit to me and cause me to have genital warts?"
"Ive sprained my ankle, what could help me walk around without my ankle hurting?"
I've tried antibiotic cream and jock itch spray and ive been told benadryl but im out of cash help?
Jacket potato with beans no butter but did not eat it all. i am anxious that it will do something with my weight?
Janumet-what are special advantages over metformin?
"Jaw swollen on one side after a five week ear infection and it throbs when i talk sometimes, why?"
"Joint pain in left ankle after cardio. how to alleviate the pain, but keep exercising?"
"Just curious, if you're like 5'4"" and have developed anorexia will that stunt your entire growth process?"
Just got my appendix out and I keep farting. Should this be happening?
Just got off the phone with the nurse and i think i have appendicitis that is what nurse said?
Landed on my ankle and i think i twisted it?
"Large, hard, swollen, and sore lump/bump on labia majora, won't pop. Any advice?"
Life expectancy of patients with ankylosing spondylitis?
List of medications used to treat fibromyalgia?
"Loss of appetite and feel sick thinking about going to my boyfriends family meal, how am i going to eat?"
"Low white blood cell count, low lymphs, low lymphocytes absolute?"
"Lower right abdomen pain, and no period for 3 months. Can something like this be from pregnancy?"
"M getting two of my bottom wisdom teeth extracted under local anesthetics, i'm really really worried. how bad will it hurt?"
Major depression and i'd like to be happy again. is there any particular antidepressant that is recommended?
Marfan syndrome- what to do about this?
Marijuana withdrawals making me smoke weed again. What can I do?
Medical/scientific explanation for so many bearded/hair on face women?
Medication or techniques to help extremely bad social anxiety disorder?
Methamphetamine calms me down what does this mean? Is that normal?
Most effective way to deal with anxiety attacks?
"Move my right leg/hips, i can feel the pain! is this appendicitis or hernia?"
"Muscles spazz involuntarily whenever i'm tired or anxious. oh, and if i go to the doctor what will they say?"
"My 14 year old daughter has really bad breath and her sweat smells like vomit, for years .Help?"
"My 14 year-old son is cutting himself, what can i do to help him ?"
My 2yr old has staph and is on antibiotics but i think it might be getting worse. Does this normally happen?
My 75 y/o granny is just diagnosed with liver cancer. What can we expect?
"My ankle has been hurting for a little over a month, no swelling or bruising, what should i do?"
"My ankle has been swollen for two weeks, what should i do?"
My ankle has been swollen for years what should i do?
My ankle keeps uncontrollably twitting swelling up and going blue. What can I do for this?
My ankles hurt after i work out. What can I do to fix this for next time?
My ankles only swell when i dont get enough sleep. Why does this happen?
My anti depressants make me feel emotionally numb. How do I counteract this effect?
"My anus has been itching for weeks. no blood or worms, just itchy.. anyone got any answers for what is wrong?"
"My anus hurts from black pepper sprinkled on it, what should I do?"
"My anxiety and depression are taking over my life, but nothing is working. Is there any I can do?"
"My anxiety gives me diarrhea and stomach pains, what should i do?"
My anxiety has been through the roof forhave a heart attack. is it possible for anxiety to kill you?
My anxiety is getting out of control help?
My anxiety is gotten to a point where i can barely form sentences around people. Is there a name for this condition?
"My anxiety is severe, is counseling my best option?"
My appendix hurts but there are no signs of appendicitis. What is going on?
My arm itches after i got an iv. what is it?
My balls are swollen to hell and are blue from my shaft to my anus. this is a sexual injury. help?
My belly button ring keeps getting stuck to my skin! How can I prevent this?
My best friend is getting his appendix removed and i wanna know if they can die from it?
"My bf has kissed me on my neck and ive had it for a long time now and its kinda getting itchy and red, what is it?"
My bf kinda has a bad way of expressing his anger how help him?
My blood pressure : 113/93 it's been for a few days . do i have a high blood pressure ?
My blood sugar is 116 fasting & 160 pp through glucometer. Diet and exercise advice?
"My body reacts strangely when i'm down, what is this feeling?"
My boyfriend can fall asleep at the drop of a hat. How do some people do that?
"My boyfriend get depressed when i tell him im depressed, but how am i supposed to be honest about my feelings?"
My boyfriend has shingles; do i need to stay away?
My boyfriend is making my anorexia come back. what can i do?
My boyfriend is suicidal how do i help?
My broken ankle is in plaster. why is there pain when i stand?
"My brother have hep b, can you help me and give some advice?"
"My butthole hurts when i poop, whats wrong with me?"
"My chest hurts after i eat, like either minutes up until hours. nothing comes into my throat so could it still be heartburn?"
"My chest, im scared my chest feels uncomfortable not painful i also have anxiety disorder, should i worry about heart disease could i have it?"
"My dad is misdiagnosing himself and i dont know what to do, please help!?"
My dad snored really bad. what to do?
"My daughter has bronchitis, i have an upper respiratory infection. she's taking antibiotics. can i get her more sick?"
My daughter is pregnant and has aortic stenosis. is there a support group for this condition?
"My daughter just had an anxiety attack and she says she does not know why, is that possible and how can i help her ?"
My dentist said it's okay to cut my antibiotic penicillin pill in half but will it still be effective?
My depression is getting worse and i can't get treatment. What are my options?
My doctor only prescribed antibiotics for my pilonidal cyst. Is this really all I need?
My dr. wants to put me on lorazepam for my sleep and anxiety. is it worth it?
My ear seems clogged tried cleaning it out help?
"My esr is 75 to 80, is it a problem?"
"My face gets soo damn itchy cuz of the pimples, ugh what should i use for it?"
My face heats up/turns red when i talk to people for no reason. How can I stop this?
"My family think i'm anorexic, how do i convince them to leave me alone?"
"My father has a wheat allergy, we don't know what we can give him (obviously he can eat meats and such) can i make gluten free stuff for him?"
"My father has gastroparesis and is suicidal, what do i do?"
"My father is withdrawing off of lorazepam, what can I do to help?"
"My father my aunt and grandfather had appendicitis, will i get it too?"
My father n law has had 3 strokes in the last 2 days why does he keep having them ?
"My foreskin is still attached to glans, im 32 now and worried?"
My four year olds egg allergy seems to be getting worse! What can cause this to happen?
"My friend has a sinus infection with asthma, and well her nose is clogged and she's coughing, but she can't breathe very well any home remedies?"
"My friend has extreme depression, what to do?"
"My friend is a paranoid schizophrenic, his physical health is failing what to do?"
My friend is anorexic and i'm not sure how to help her?
My friend is been making herself throw up and cuts herself. How bad is this for you?
My friend is depressed and i want to help her but don't know how?
My friend is worried that her anxiety is going to stop her working with children. Where can she get help?
My friend wants to know why her butt cheeks like the bottom of ot is darker than her skin.?
"My friends appendix ruptured, he's been in the hospital for a week, and he had it taken out. will he be ok?"
My friends big toe nail was ripped out by a doctor. how long will it take for the nail to fully grow back?
My friends dislike me because of the side effects of my depression. How do I stop alienating my friends?
My friends nose keeps randomly bleeding and we don't know why?
My girlfriend has strep she's been taking antibiotics for 4 days now if i kiss her will i get strep?
My girlfriend is depressed and wants to deal with it by herself. what shall i do?
"My girlfriend is self harming, what do i do?"
My girlfriend is unhappy with her hourglass figure. what do i do?
My girlfriend self harms and i want to help her wha shall i do?
"My girlfriend self harms and won't let me help her, what can i do?"
My grandma had a heart attack please help!? I just found out she had one and she lives 7 hours away. i don't know if she will be okay can you die after having one?
"My groin hurts and balls sometimes burn i am a 17 yr old male. I don't wear underwear, could that be why?"
My hair has been continuously falling out for years what is happening?
My head has been hurting for 2 weeks now my stomach hurts and my head hurts at random spots please help? Can someone tell me what's wrong?
"My head is riddled with cysts, can you help?"
"My heart just randomly started fluttering for about 1 minute, i'm worried?"
"My heartbeat gets heavy very easily,pls help someone answer?"
"My hemorrhoid pain is gone but i still have a lump, i feel no pain but they bump is still there. What do I do?"
"My high school is having a blood drive. i'm 17, but faint when i see my own blood. what should i do?"
My husband has sharp chest pains for a couple years now and he's 19 years old. what does that mean?
My husband is taking 5mg a day of warfarin and he has hepatitis c. what can he take for his hep c that wont effect his warfarin?
My insomnia is over but why do i still feel tired?
"My leg is still swollen after being stepped on, right above ny ankle should i see a doctor?"
My legs get severely itchy at night. It only happens at night. and it gets really bad where i'm itching and itching and all my legs go red and bubble up. what could it be?
"My liver enzymes are high, could it be the antidepressants i am using? I am on effexor, what do i do if that is what's causing it?"
My loneliness has spiraled me into a depression. what do i do?
My lower left side below my stomach hurts a lot off and on. Should I get it checked out?
"My lower left side hurts i feel like i'm going to vomit, i have a migraine, i can't poop. What do I do?"
My lower leg (part above my ankles) is skinny. really skinny. is that bad?
My lower right side hurts almost all the time. Who should I see about this?
My meds are making me less shy and it is scaring me. But why would it do that?
My mom has depression and anxiety can it lead to something else?
My mother has a high risk of dying at the moment with her deteriorating health and aortic stenosis. help!?
My mother keeps suffering from headaches. what could it be?
My mother who is 50years old had a tendency to get a blood clot by small hurts is this a sign of health risk?
My nipples have been really sore lately! I'm not pregnant so what could it be?
"My norm heart rate is 110-120 bpm, but adderall increased it to 130-145, what can i do.?"
My nose gets itchy. is it a food related thing or something else?
"My nose has been blocked and stuffy all day today! and it's been affecting my chest, too. Help?"
"My old antideppresant caused my speech to slur, can side effects come back?"
My pains keep continuing up along my ribs especially on the right i was wondering if someone can help me with my question?
"My paranoia is acting up and im scared ive been infected with anthrax, please help?"
"My parents think it's a stomach ulcer, because i get stressed a lot and i'm always worried. i need some help, what could it be?"
My penis has a 120 degree bend when erect what can i do?
"My period is 52 days late, but i've never had sex. What could be wrong?"
My pierced ears are infected..what should i do?
My question is what would be the best way for me to force my ankles to heal and stop taking their sweet-*** time?
My right ankle is swollen and quite painful to walk on i think i injured it skating about a week ago. what should i do?
"My schedule is from 8pm to 8am. before, i can work at night without getting sleepy, but lately, i easily get so sleepy. what should i do?"
My sexual orientation issues are causing me to be depressed. Who can I talk to about this?
My sis is having laser heart surgery!is it dangerous?
My sister gives me anxiety attackwhat should i do?
My sister has depression and i don't want to leave her alone. What can I do for her even when I'm away?
My sister is anorexic how can I help her?
My sister won't stop starving herself. What can I do to help?
"My skin is really dry, rough and i have keleratis pilerosis (or however you spell it). is there any lotion that can help dry skin in 2 months?"
"My son gets strepthroat way too often, now my doctor is going to see if he is a carrier. What does that involve?"
My son is on a high dose of prednisone and has been for 3 years can this cause rage and behavior issues?
My son is skinny and short. how can i improve his appetite?
"My son is smoking weed and drinking everyday, should i be concerned?"
"My son just had an appendectomy but his appendix is still there, is this malpractice?"
"My stomach keeps hurting, does this mean i have an ulcer?"
My stomach rumbles followed by explosive gas and diarrhea. can stress and nervousness cause this?
My temperature is 99.2. i just read it is possible i have appendicitis. any thoughts?
My testicles and anus regin itch like crazy and im tired all the time need help is it an std?
My therapist says i have low to moderate anxiety disorder. what exactly does this mean?
My therapist says sleeping at night will make my anxiety better.?
My toddler has decayed front teeth & absess --please help!?
My two year old daughter has recurrent yeast infections. What can we do to keep them at bay?
My upper lip is blistered. Is there any ointment to put on it that would help?
My uti is not going away please help i think it lead to something more serious?
My uvula has been swelling up for some reason. What are the possible causes?
"My viral load is 11,400 is that high?"
"My white blood cell count is normal , the surgeon is confused , i have a focus pain few inches to the right of my bladder, what could that be?"
My wife has depression and general anxiety disorder and we are expecting our first baby. What can I do to help her?
My xray result shows no infection after i finished taking my antibiotics. Does that mean I'm in the clear?
Natural remedys for generalized anxiety disorder ?
Natural ways to help depression and anxiety?
Natural ways to relieve an anxiety attack?
Nauseous whenever in a stuffy and crowded area. What does this sound like?
Need help overcoming depression and anxiety how do i go about it?
"Need help, im sick but not sure what it is?"
"Nerve damage in ankle causing pain, what should I do?"
Nervous for female cystoscopy- is it really painful?
"No decent bowel movement in a week. have done all suggested things: laxatives, water, fiber, etc. any ideas?"
No infection/normal chest findings after i finished taking my antibiotics. Was it successful?
No sex life when taking antidepressants please help?
"No sexual intercourse, yet my period is late. what's wrong with me?"
Not losing weight or belly fat with pcos on levothyroxine and metformin - will atkins work?
"Numbness in foot and pain in leg when standing for a while, help?"
Ok i was told i have a hemorrhoid within my anus. how do i get rid of it the easy way at home?
Okay so whenever i take a nap i wake up super depressed and i just wanna cry. sometimes i'll even wake up feeling super sick why do i feel like this?
"Okay, so i think i have anxiety and depression. how do i tell my parents i want to get tested?"
On the upper side of my anus there is a hard bump i am scared. what might it be?
One of my best friends is anorexic and i wanna help him?
One of my friends has a sleeping problem and he is 210-215 lbs but how many pills of sleeping-aid 15mg each should he take?
Open question: how to stop chest pains when anxious?
"Oxycodone makes me sick, what else can be prescribed?"
Pain below the out side big bone of my ankle while running. What does this sound like?
Pain in bladder and lower right abdomen. What could it be?
"Pain in gallbladder and pain in left side above belly button, help?"
"Pain in my right side under my rib cage, help?"
"Pain management is getting me nowhere, quality of life sucks! what to do next?"
Pain right under my ribcage to middle abdomen.. it hurts when u push it but not when i let go.. is it appendicitis?
"Pains in my chest and back, can anyone help me?"
"Pains just at the bottom of my ribcage, i know it couldn't be appendicitis because it's too high up, what could it be?"
"Pharmacists said the most common side effect insomnia as well as anxiousness, will this always be true?"
"Physically fit, but now i have stopped playing sport all together and my ankles have begun to crack all of the time, why is this?"
"Piles problem, how to permanently solve this problem?"
Pinkish with white bumps near anus. Is it a parasite or rotten luck?
"Please can someone help me, i cant do this anymore. How to deal with anger/stress?"
Please can someone tell me the best way to kill myself?
Please clarify: what is the difference between lactose intolerance and milk allergy?
Please help accidentally i made a small cut on my scrotum. What do I do?
Please help me i'm having an anxiety attack! i don't know what to do!!?
Please help me with anorexic nervosa?
Please help me! watery diarrhea won't go away!?
Please help! i just woke up from feeling dizzy and my tongue is white and my mouth is dry?
"Please help, my best friend is suicidal and i have no idea how to help her?"
"Please help, trouble walking after minor tonsilectomy?"
"Please help, why do i feel so sad all the time?"
Please help. how to stop worrying and obsessing over things?
Pls need remedy to stomach ulcer?
Pms symptoms but no period what's wrong with me ?
"Popped bump on lower penile shaft, pus came out and now its purple. Should I be concerned?"
Possible liver pain after drinking coffee. What could the coffee have done?
Propranolol is a selective beta blocker works for hypertension pectoris angina etc.. and anxiety how come?
Psychiatrist prescribed me anti-depressants for daytime but i fall asleep and am no good for work?
Question about ligament tear in ankle or foot?
Quick way to stop feeling hungry all the time?
Quickest way to get rid of a cold?
Quickest way to increase the radius of my anus?
Quit smoking and still haven't got an appetite. What are my options?
Racing heart from anxiety in the morning due to caffeine / anxiety. What do you suggest?
Random pimple breakout from exercising. How can I prevent this?
Rare case: wisdom tooth is coming in on top of my adult tooth. What is the procedure for this?
"Rash on genital area, spreading down inner thigh and on hips. Does this sound serious?"
Rash on my face due to neutrogena. What can I use to treat this?
"Rash or rash-like problem between the legs and scrotum, what should I do?"
Reasons for a very high pulse but a normal blood pressure?
Recovering anorexia- how many calories do i need a day?
Red itchy 'hickey' ive had for at least a month. What can I do?
"Red, swollen, itchy feet, when is it serious enough for me to go to the ER?"
"Re-occuring gas, bloating, pain in abdominal area. Is this a serious condition?"
"Right side of my lower stomach, and also in my right leg too. is this my appendix?"
"Scared i have angelman's syndrome, help?"
Schizophrenia: what is the most practical solution to prevent mind control from controlling the world?
"School is making me depressed but no-one will believe me, help?"
Scrapes on my ankle became infected. What's the best way to treat this?
Seriously need strong allergy medicine please help!!?
Severe abominal pain for 40 hours. What should I do?
Severe depression & extreme social anxiety. how to find work ?
"Sexually active. i keep cramping but my period doesn't come, i have anxiety, so can that be why?"
Shall i visit the doctors if i think i have depression?
Shall i wait until tomorrow to take my anti - depressants?
"Sharp pain on the right mid side of my stomach, help!?"
Sharp pain when i first put pressure on my ankle?
"Sharp stomach pain and red, itchy blotches on face. Not an allergic reaction. What could this be?"
Shaving razor cut - i think i have hiv. What tests will I need?
"Shooting pain by left hip-bone region, that shoots up to my lower back. Could this be serious?"
Short depressive episode after what appears to be a hypomanic episode. am i bipolar?
"Shortness of breath, is it consider from having anxiety or not?"
Shoud i bring a list of my symptoms to the psychiatrist?
Should a teenager eat what they like?
Should doctors be prescribing drugs for every mental illness?
Should i apply ice or heat to a sprained ankle?
Should i be hospitalized for depression?
Should i be trying to loose weight if my ribs stick out really badly?
Should i be walking with a sprained ankle?
Should i be worried about anorexia relapse?
Should i be worried about my mental health affecting my career?
Should i break up with bf over sexual boundaries? That he keeps putting his lusting desires over me angers me! advice?
Should i continue talking to myself (not physically but inside my head) to sort through these racing anxious thoughts?
Should i drink my medicine before or after i eat?
Should i drink something else other than water after a wisdom tooth is extracted?
Should i eat dirt to restore my gut flora?
Should i even go to meps if i know im probably going to get disqualified for a heart murmur?
Should i get an mri on my knee and ankle?
Should i get my heart checked out before i start training for a marathon?
Should i get on an anti-depression med for situational depression?
Should i get retested for chlamydia after taking antibiotics for it and getting a negative test result ?
Should i go to a doctor to see if something is wrong?
Should i go to a general practioner or go to the hospital for lung and heart issue?
Should i go to hospital with grade 1 ankle sprain?
Should i go to the doctor for my sprained ankle?
Should i go to the doctors for really bad stress and some anxiety?
Should i have my 1 year old tested for lyme disease?
Should i see a doctor about an itchy scrotum?
Should i see a doctor about my back pain?
Should i see a doctor after twisting my ankle over a month ago?
Should i seek recovery for anorexia/bulimia?
Should i start doing drugs to overcome my anxiety?
Should i start walking on my sprained ankle now since it's been a month?
Should i still take antibiotics for my swollen tonsils even if its strep negative?
Should i stop taking the pill and use condoms instead?
Should i take a xanax before i get my tongue pierced?
Should i take coq10 if i'm already taking astaxanthin?
Should i take esto suppress at the same time as sd matrix or after along with a pct?
Should i take my tragus piercing out now or after antibiotics?
Should i take probiotics while taking antibiotics ?
Should i take xanax or get help for my big fear of death?
Should i tell my boss that i have anxiety?
Should i tell my mum i have bulimia?
Should i tell my new employer i broke my ankle if my cast comes off the day the job starts?
Should i use anti-fungal cream without a checkup?
Should i use crutches for a grade i ankle sprain?
Should i watch what i eat on antibiotics ?
Should my ear be leaking fluid after taking antibiotics?
Should taking ibprophen take away all the pain of a stress fracture?
Should the lower leg angioplasty operation be painful ?
Should we be anxious about a late period after first time sex?
Should you be admitted to hospital for a seven month chest infection?
Should you be diagnosed with depression without a blood test?
Should you take vitamin d in the summer even when you get enough sun?
Should you use a hot or cold compress for a hurting ankle?
Shoulder surgery for labrum tear. what should i expect?
"Sick and fatigued for the past three days, i started anti-depressants a week ago but not sure if it's that. what should i do?"
Side effects of taking t3 thyroid hormone for weight loss?
Since my parents divorced i have had trouble with my memory and i sometimes stutter. Is it related?
"Sister constantly criticizes me, its driving me insane, please help?"
Skin bump on nose that wont go away. help me please?
"Sleep apnea help, any advice at all?"
Sleeplessness and my terrible cold/flu is contributing to my anxious thoughts?
Slight nausea the past few days. i'm scared i have appendicitis but i'm not sure. What can I do?
"Small toenail came off, what to do to treat this?"
So i have been having a vaginal discharge that is a yellowish greenish color what does this mean?
"So i went to the docs yesterday & they told me i have a bladder infection & im taking antibiotics , would i be able to go swimming ?"
So lastnight i tried this acne stuff. the directions said to let it cool. After it cooled i started putting it on my face and it burned my skin off my cheek. what do i do?
"So my mom was bent over cleaning outside & she got up too fast & hit her hed on this old rusty, fire extinguisher box and now she's bleeding. What do we do?"
So this has always fascinated me. how on earth do anorexic teens stop eating without their parents noticing?
So tired of being in discomfort and/or pain -upper and lower abdomen. please help :(?
So what do they do in anger manegament classes?
"Social anxiety -belly, butt and thigh fat - workout at home plan?"
"Social anxiety disorder caused by a lack of sleep, possible?"
"Some reason when i see people i know,(even family) i get an anxiety attack. also i'm so shy. how do i overcome this?"
Some signs that know your heart is/isn't healthy?
Some trouble losing weight. my doctor recently decreased my antidepressants by 1/3. will this help me shed weight?
Someone please help me get my friend to stop starving herself?
"Someone shoots self in upper leg, bullet goes through, hits no bone, wont go hospital, how do you treat?"
Someone told me earlier today that some people get thrush when taking antibiotics is that true?
Someone who has in diagnosed bipolar disorder and is given antidepressants on their own (citalopram) what sort of affect is it going to have?
Sometimes i feel tired of life when i think too much. what's the matter with me?
Sometimes i shake a little bit and i have a panicky feeling. is this an anxiety attack?
Sometimes my whole body shakes and i have to hit my head or i'm scared something bad will happen?
"Sometimes when i am getting hungry, i get shaky and feel anxious. what could this mean?"
"Sore inner knees, leg cramps, unexplained brusing on left leg what is it?"
Sore on side of tongue that is indented white with red ring around it. What does this sound like and how do I remove it?
"Sprained my ankle last thursday, is it good to start walking on it?"
"Sprained my ankle, swelling won't go down! please help?"
"Spray tan causing rash, what should I do?"
"Stabbing pain in left arm, fingers and palm, chest pain dizzy, lightheaded for the past week. What should I do?"
"Stand up, extreme tiredness, a hard time processing thoughts, and some anxiousness. do you think i have a concussion or am i just paranoid?"
Start panicking and getting really scared. is this a common anxiety symptom?
"Stepped on earring on pool deck.. do i need a tetanus shot? It bled so i put pressure on it to make it stop, put antibiotic ointment on and now have a band aid on it. what should i do?"
"Still feeling depersonalization even though my stress and anxiety is gone, what's going on?"
Stomach cramps after every meal for 5 days but no vomiting/diarrhea. What's this sound like?
"Stomach is burning, no appetite and feeling like i have to puke. Is there anything I can take for this?"
Stress relieving tips?
"Suffer from general and social anxiety, and i really want to talk to my doctor. What would be a way to bring up the subject anxiety to my nurse?"
Suffering from anxiety combined with stomach upset. What do you suggest?
"Suffering from forehead acne that just won't go away, do you have any suggestions?"
Suggestions to ease stomach pain?
Supplement for antabuse stomach ache?
Survival rate for appendicitis surgery?
Swelling in feet and ankles 16 months after having a c section. When will this go away?
Swollen bump on penis that comes an goes. What does this sound like and how can I get it removed?
Swollen testicles and discolored from shaft to anus. please help?
"Swollen tube thing behind scrotum in the perineal region connecting from scrotum to anus, what is it?"
Symptoms after a hard workout- can it be more than just dehydration?
Symptoms of a stomach ulcer plz?
"Taking penicillin for tooth infection now i have sore throat and yellow phlegm, what can I do?"
"Taking remeron for sleep and anxiety been knocked out for 16 hours, is this normal?"
"Testicular torsion surgery recovery, how long will this take?"
Tetracycline has made my teeth yellow! what can i do?
The back side of my ankle keeps popping?
"The doctor does not believe me that i have depression, what do i do?"
The dr. said i have bronchitis and a sinus infection. i finished my antibiotic today and still very sick. what is going on?
The last time i ate a pot brownie i went into anaphylactic shock..but i seem ok when i smoke it. how is that possible?
"The more i diet and lose weight, the worse and more obsessed i feel about myself and my body. help?"
"The quickest, yet healthiest way to gain weight?"
"There are 3 little white itchy bumps on the bottom of my foot on my big toe. they are so itchy and when i sweat they itch so much, what could it be?"
Things to do for someone with social anxiety?
"Think I might have ruptured my spleen, what would it feel like?"
Three days ago i was bitten by a cat. the area where the cat bit me is swollen and itchy. do i have rabies?
Thyroid autoimmune antibodies triggering a reaction in hepatitis b panel. Why is this occuring?
Tips for anorexia nervosa recovery?
Tips for coming off an antidepressant?
Tips for living with a broken ankle and healing faster?
Tips on getting a flat stomach?
"Tongue piercing still draining thick white substance after 4 weeks, is that normal?"
Took magnesi citrate on its own and i feel really on edge tired and anxious. what's the reason for this?
Tooth infection cannot use typical antibacterials. advice please.?
Tooth infection just cleared up. would it be okay to use smokless tobacco pouches?
Traumatic aneurysm - how long does it take to develop after injury?
Treatment for skin infection/heat rash?
Treatment for walking on a bruised/ possibly chipped shin?
Treatment options for anorexia nervosa?
"Tried everything to get rid of acne, nothing works. Help?"
Trying to explain anorexia to a friend who doesn't understand. What's the simplest way to put it?
"Turning 23 this year, suffered depression and anxiety, what should i do with my life?"
"Unbearable anxiety attack. i want to scream, help. i can't stop the pain?"
"Under armpit fungal infection, urgent help! Where should I go?"
Under what circumstances can an ankle diastasis screw break?
Uneasiness in chest due to burp. What should I do?
Unknown rash on penis head. How do I find out what's wrong with it?
Urgent! i think i have just a flu but need to make sure?
Using expired triple antibiotic on cuts and causing burning. What do I do?
Uti with fever: how long does it take to feel better?
"Vaginal itching and discharge. please help, what could it be?"
Vaginal odor/discharge- culture came back normal but md said she would give me an antibiotic. should i take it?
Vaginal odor/discharge- md test showed no infection but md said would give me an antibiotic. should i take it?
Vertical double vision in both eyes that gets better when getting closer. How to treat this?
Very depressed and anxiety ridden how to cope without medication?
Very painful lump on neck after dying hair. How do I get rid of it?
"Voice telling me ""that's not true you should be feeling anxious"" how to shut that bad voice off?"
"Waking up jerking, what could this be?"
Want to get rid of an unproductive cough. Do you have any tips?
Want to start going on a run again soon. can i run with an ankle brace on?
Was hoping that eventually it would go away on its own. can anxiety disorders go away on their own?
"Water or some kind of liquid comes out of my eyes when i blow my nose sometimes, feels like im crying or something, why does this happen?"
Ways to get my bf to express his anger without blowing up?
Ways to get rid of cold sores fast?
Ways to get rid of nausea from anxiety?
Ways to help calm down anxiety?
Ways to reduce anxiety in teens?
Ways to speed up starting your first ever period?
Ways to treat a mono-related sore throat?
"Well i get anxiety and i hate it, is there any thing wrong with being on meds for it?"
Well i want to get really healthy so what are some healthy foods and what type of exercise should i do?
Wha could cause appendicitis type pain after period?
Whaf exercises to start with to lose 60 lbs?
What a good free app on android or ipod for getting flexible?
What about eating spicy foods after my 2weeks surgery in appendix? Is this okay?
What actions would spread my throat infection?
What affects the window period of hiv?
What allergy meds do i need?
What antibiotic can my 80 yr. old mother take?
What antibiotics can i take to get rid of thrush?
What antibiotics is mrsa resistant to?
What anti-depressant works best for loss of appetite?
What anxiety medication should i take before going to an event?
What are all the fruits and vegetable with antioxidant c3g?
What are anxiety symptoms?
What are best anti depressants and sleeping tablets?
What are causes of swollen lymph nodes near ear and back of neck?
What are common symptoms of a brain aneurysm?
What are cures and treatments for a staph infection that's gotten worse?
What are early symptoms of appendicitis?
What are eating disorders besides anorexia and bullimia?
What are effective contraception methods for people with factor v lieden?
What are emotion enhancing pills?
What are foods that speed up your metabolism?
What are good anger/stress/depression (and other drama) reliever?
What are good facial antibacterial moisturizers?
What are good natural and healthy ways to reduce stress and anxiety.?
What are good pills for tinea versicolor?
What are good tips for taking things one day at a time to reduce anxiety?
What are good ways to maintain my weight and ways to lose weight quick without dieting?
What are Mirtazapine 15g side effects?
What are natural remedies for brain damage after drug abuse?
"What are natural ways to help anxiety depression, besides the obvious like healthy lifestyle and working out?"
What are non medical ways to cure social anxiety?
What are nonharmful things that relieve stress?
What are people's opinion on sertraline/zoloft?
What are possible causes of left jaw/arm pain?
What are possible medicines to cure vasoconstriction of blood vessel?
What are prazosin side effects?
What are sicknesses that cause peolpe to go to the hospital and have surgery?
What are signs of angina?
What are signs of internal bleeding?
What are skin products that are good for a 16 year old?
What are some anger management strategies that actually work?
What are some ankle stretches to help support an injured ankle?
What are some antibiotics for infected blister on the bottom of your feet?
What are some calming songs that help relieve anxiety and panic attacks?
What are some causes of sudden back pain?
What are some common symptoms of anaemia (iron deficiency) in teenage girls?
What are some current issues about antisocial personality disorder?
"What are some disorders that cause you to be hot-headed and violent, and may land you in a mental hospital?"
What are some drawbacks/advantages of coffee?
What are some ed treatments permently ! ?
What are some exercises to increase self control?
What are some factors that lead to antibiotic resistance?
What are some foods that can help stop my appetite?
What are some foods to avoid to have clear skin?
What are some good antioxidants?
What are some good exercises or ways to relieve stress?
What are some good foods for bodybuilding?
What are some good foods that help skin stay clear:) i know berries already because of the antioxidants but what else?
What are some good foods to eat on a diet?
What are some good healthy snacks?
What are some good herbal medicine for anxiety?
What are some good over the counter antidepressants?
What are some good routines and tips to lose weight?
What are some good ways to lose weight?
What are some good ways to reduce stress and anxiety?
What are some good ways to relieve anger?
What are some good ways to relieve general workplace stress.please help i feel like tearing off my hair?
What are some good ways to relieve stress?
What are some good ways to stop self harm?
What are some great ways to overcome anxiety and panic attacks?
What are some healthy everyday snacks?
What are some healthy foods for dieting?
What are some healthy high calorie breakfast ideas?
What are some jobs for someone with severe anxiety disorder?
What are some mental illnesses that cause weight gain ?
What are some names of mood stabilizers?
What are some natural herbs to ease anxiety?
What are some natural remedies for bronchitis?
What are some natural ways to deal with depression?
What are some natural ways to get rid of some symptoms of depression and anxiety?
What are some natural ways to reduce stress and anxiety?
What are some of the after effects of a brain aneurysm?
What are some of the easiest to stop symptoms of an electrolyte imbalance?
What are some other ways to tone up besides cardio?
What are some prayers for clearing your mind of stress and anxiety?
What are some quick and easy calming techniques for deep rage?
What are some really goodsleeping methods?
What are some really intense weightloss methods people should avoid?
What are some signs that someone may develop schizophrenia?
What are some simple things i can do to promote healthy skin?
What are some skin clearing foods?
What are some symptoms of depression?
What are some symptoms you would have before an outbreak of herpes?
What are some things i can do to help relieve my sinus headache?
What are some things that trigger panic or anxiety attacks?
What are some traumas (even if minor) triggers control issues?
What are some ways i can help my friend who is suffering depression?
"What are some ways i can remove hair from around my penis, testicles, between my butt and my anus?"
What are some ways that i could manage my anxiety?
What are some ways to get rid of acne?
What are sunflower seeds good for?
What are symptoms of a food allergy?
What are symptoms of anxiety?
What are symptoms of appendicitis?
What are symptoms of depression and anxiety?
What are symptoms of plantar fasciia?
What are tangible benefits to getting fresh air?
What are the basic and most common symptoms of anxiety?
What are the benefit of eating watermelons?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of low fat museli with one spoonful of low fat yoghurt?
What are the benefits of cocoa?
What are the benefits of drinking carrot juice daily ?
What are the benefits of strengthening the central nervous system through weight training?
What are the benifits of eating raw turmeric?
What are the best ankle braces for basketball?
What are the best fat burning weight loss systems?
What are the best fruit to and what type of juices to drink if you are sick?
What are the best health supplements for pms symptoms?
What are the best medications to ask for for ocd?
What are the best medications to help with anxiety and nerves?
What are the best meds for general anxiety disorders?
What are the best natural foods or natural medicines to help me maintain erections?
What are the best natural remedies for depression?
What are the best treatments for anaphylaxis?
What are the best ways to relieve anxiety?
What are the best woman multi vitamin?
What are the causes and treatment of chills without fever?
What are the causes for low hemoglobin level?
What are the causes for the development of antibiotic resistance?
What are the causes of appendix?
What are the chances of a type-1 diabetic woman getting pregnant?
What are the chances of getting dry socket?
What are the chances of getting pregnant while on the depo shot?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar if most of my family have it?
What are the dangers of liver inflammation?
What are the dangers of starving yourself?
What are the diagnosis and treatment processes for social anxiety disorder?
What are the differences between the vitamins and minerals of different types of tea?
What are the different types of ankle injuries?
What are the difficulties of having social phobia?
What are the effective way to beat obsessive thoughts?
What are the effects of anti-depressants?
What are the health drawbacks as far as having an erratic sleep schedule?
What are the health risks of anorexia nervosa in terms of needing hospitalisation?
What are the long term adult effects of childhood bullying?
What are the main causes of what seems like an increase of aneurysm cases?
What are the main signs of staph infection?
What are the measurable factors (signs) objective of angina pectoris?
What are the medications that suppress emotions or get rid of called?
What are the most common symptoms of anxiety?
What are the most common ways of administering anesthetic?
What are the pharmacologic treatment of stroke?
What are the physical symptoms of stress/anxiety?
What are the pros and cons of anorexia?
What are the pros and cons of fasting for anywhere between 1-7 days?
What are the side effect antibiotics especially for pneumonia?
What are the side effects following a gallbladder removal surgery?
What are the side effects of azithromycin to cure chlamydia ?
What are the signs of an anxiety attack and can just your thoughts alone trigger them?
What are the signs of bipolar/depression?
What are the similarities of asthma and anxiety attack?
"What are the supposed ""good and bad"" sugars for diabetics?"
What are the symptoms for bipolar and depression disorder?
What are the symptoms of a hernia?
What are the symptoms of appendicitis?
What are the symptoms of depression?
What are the symptoms of tss (toxic shock syndrome)?
What are the terms for a smoker having open heart surgery for valve replacement?
What are the warnings of the use of nitrolingual spray?
What are these cysts or bumps on my shoulders and back?
"What are these little bumps around my pubic area and on my leg a little, they are also on my gooch and around my anus, i have never i sex before so what are they?"
What are these lumps around my anus?
What are these red itchy spots on my chest and stomach after the sun or sunbed?
What are these tiny painless bumps on the roof of my mouth?
What are ways for my bf to express anger?
What are you actually cracking when you crack your 'bones'?
What are you supposed to do when you come home from work and also wake up extremely depressed every day?
What are your symptoms of anxiety?
What are your tonsils used for and why do people have to get them removed? Does everyone have to get them removed at some point in their life?
What are your views on lustral-does it have unpleasant side effects?
What benifits come from vitamin c?
What body systems anemia impacts?
What can a young person do when they're consistently depressed?
What can an obgyn prescribe antibiotics for?
What can be done to prolong gallbladder surgery? Like any sort of diet or something like antacids?
What can be done to treat people's ignorence about people with mental problems?
What can be done to undue this skin problem?
What can cause a 65 year old man to have night sweats?
What can cause constant diarrhea? Can it be the appendix even if it is not hurting?
"What can cause my hemoglobin, hematocrit, and rbc levels to be low?"
What can cause pain around the ankle and the back of the foot?
What can cause pressure filled and painful joints other than arthritis?
What can cause the lack of memory?
What can cause the presence of blood to appear on your urinalysis when the urine culture came back negative?
What can cause vomiting and fever?
What can happen if a depressed teen gets sexually abused?
What can happen if you stay up at night and sleep during the day?
What can help cure depression?
What can I do about ankle pain after horse riding?
What can i do about being depressed and anxious?
What can i do about my sisters overeating?
What can i do about my sleep apnea?
What can i do about not having an appetite after exercise?
What can i do about the bruising side-effect caused by my medication?
What can i do about these increase pain in parts of my lower body and right shoulder?
What can i do for a sore throat?
What can i do for depression treatment that doesn't require rx?
What can i do for low sex drive at age 19?
What can i do for my rolled ankle?
What can i do for oily skin?
What can I do for pain on the right side of my ribs?
What can I do for sharp pain just under ribcage on the right side of my body?
What can i do for small calves and ankles?
What can I do if someone has an allergic reaction to medication?
What can I do or take for heel pain after ankle surgery?
What can I do to control my prolactin level?
What can i do to ensure i dont get the stomach bug my mum's got?
What can i do to get back on the road to recovery again?
"What can i do to get pecks, abs, and bigger arms?"
What can i do to heal my sprained ankle faster?
What can I do to help me get over it or help me avoid getting anxiety attacks in class?
What can i do to help my boyfriend continue breathing while hes sleeping?
What can i do to help my ripped off toenail?
What can i do to help myself during an anxiety attack?
What can i do to lose weight from my thighs/upper part of my leg?
What can i do to make my body sleep?
What can i do to not cough ?
What can i do to prevent herpes breakout?
What can i do to relieve the pain from a sprained ankle?
What can i do to stop depression other than counselling and antidepressants?
What can i do to stop my braces from hurting?
What can i do to stop my sleep paralysis?
What can i do to treat my social anxiety?
What can i do when i feel depressed?
What can i do with a (grade iii) ankle sprain?
"What can i eat on the ""candida diet phase 3"" ?"
What can i eat/drink to help get rid of nerves?
What can i expect at my first visit to a psychiatrist?
What can i expect out of cognitive bahavioral therapy?
What can I take for pain in lower right side of torso?
What can i use as an appetite suppressant?
What can my child with asperger's do education-wise?
What can you do about nobody liking or wanting to hang with you and social anxiety?
What can you do to calm your self down during an anxiety attack?
What can you tell me about a body cleansing?
What causes a kid to get anxiety attacks?
What causes aphthous ulcers ?
What causes bladder infections?
What causes people to be exhausted all the time?
What causes people to lose appetites?
What causes random armpit pain for 3 weeks?
What causes the black part of fungal nail infection?
What causes wheezing while sleeping for adults?
What causes yeast infections in the esophagus and gut?
What causes you to lose track of time and thoughts?
What cn i do to speed up metabolism?
What common side effects do antidepressants have?
"What complications would a person who is missing a spleen, gallbladder, stomach, and pancreas have?"
What could a missed period mean?
What could be causing me to overhear conversations that are not real?
What could be causing my ankle to become swollen and painful?
What could be causing my chronic diarrhea?
What could be causing my erratic mood drops?
What could be causing pain on the top of my feet?
"What could be the cause of dull, persistent pain in left side of chest?"
What could be the cause of my pelvic pressure?
What could be the cause of pain in the middle of my chest?
What could be the cause of recurring bv?
What could cause a seizure in a seemingly healthy teen boy?
"What could cause bleeding about a week after period, please help!!?"
What could explain my ankle giving out on me?
What could happen if you take zoloft with zyprexa?
What could i take for anxiety and panic attacks?
What could i take for my chronic depression?
What could it mean when you start spotting after your period?
What could my constant back pain be from?
What cream to put on scars on my wrist?
What did hospitals do about blood poisoning from dog bites before antibiotics?
What did i do to my ankle/ what should i do now?
What did i do to my ankle?
What diet should i have to get rid off my muffin top?
What dietary supplements/vitamins should i be taking every day?
What do anesthesiologists do?
What do cod liver oil pills do?
What do i do about my anxiety?
What do i do about my bv infection issues ?
What do i do after a binge?
What do i do if i have symptoms of an aneurysm?
What do i do with all the energy i get when i want to destroy and hurt after getting angry?
What do i need to change about my life to finally be happy?
"What do i need to do if i stretch out my leg and then it locks, and i get horrible pain for 2 minutes?"
What do i say to myself in order to cope with my anxiety?
What do i tell people who think my anxiety disorder is the result of not trying harder?
What do metamucil and/or benefiber do?
What do my mental symptoms mean?
"What do schools do if you have anorexia? Like if youve been diagnosed with it, and your parents phone in to tell them?"
What do the drs do to heal a dislocated ankle?
What do the majority of doctors say about masturbation?
"What do they mean by a ""5 year survival rate"" for hodkins lymphoma?"
What do you do if being around your family causes you anxiety?
What do you do if you eat too much at one meal?
What do you do if your family causes you anxiety and depression?
What do you do if your family causes you anxiety?
What do you do if your family gives you anxiety?
What do you do if your family gives you severe anxiety?
What do you do when you're ill but specialist care can't come fast enough?
What do you drink when youre throwing up?
What do you think about anorexia and/or bulimia and the people who have it?
What do you think the psychiatrist will say about me seeing ghosts?
What doctor can help me with my anxiety/depression?
What does a bmi of 38.9 mean for my heart?
What does a dentist do when you have a cavity?
What does a doctor do if you're underweight?
What does a eatin disorder clinic do?
What does a psychiatrist do for someone with anxiety and panic disorder?
What does a red top vial for blood work mean?
What does a rheumatologist do to treat fibromyalgia?
What does a.s stand for in medical terms?
What does an dental anesthesiologist job entail?
What does anxiety do to your body physically?
What does appendicitis feel like?
What does depression actually feel like?
What does heartburn feel like?
What does it feel like when an antidepressant starts working?
What does it mean if I am getting my period every two weeks?
What does it mean if i change my personality around people?
What does it mean if i have a red irritated area that's moist and smells between my legs and balls?
What does it mean if i have a wide body frame?
What does it mean if someone experiences anxiety because they can't be in control?
What does it mean if someone has all the symptoms of strep throat but they don't have it?
What does it mean if u have a sore throat on your face?
What does it mean if you get depression/anxiety in waves?
What does it mean if you have a slight pain in the appendix are?
What does it mean if your depression worsens on antidepressant?
What does it mean to have 3 periods in one month?
What does it mean wen you toes and ankles always click and pop?
What does it mean when i have loss of appetite ?
What does it mean when i put a little bit of pressure in my chest and it hurts?
What does it mean when you a bump under your arrm and theres a smell from the puss?
What does it mean when you stop breathing and jump in your sleep ?
What does it mean when you suffer sad overwhelming thoughts you don't want to have?
What does persistent tinnitus indicate?
What does the apnea/hypopnea index of 1.9 means?
What does the appendix do?
What does the different beeps mean on an iv machine?
What does the doctor give you after antidepressants make you worse?
What does the full potential of an anti-depressant feel like?
What does the start of a hemmorhoid look like?
What drug classification would inhalants fall under?
What effect does apnea have on blood carbon dioxide level?
What else beside from taking medicine and relaxing can i do to feel better from a cold?
What else can cause burning during urination and conjuctivitis?
What else can help my anxiety?
"What else can i do about my hemorrhoid? I'm not sure how long i've had it, but it's been acting up the past two months?"
What exactly is anorexia binge-eating type?
What exactly is bipolar disorder?
What food is good for helping with anxiety?
What foods help the liver?
What happens during your first appointment with a new doctor?
What happens if a time-release capsule is broken and swallowed?
What happens if depression is left untreated?
What happens if i mess up my dosage for my antibiotics?
What happens if i put my foot in white vinegar for 10 mins or longer?
What happens if i stop taking antibiotics after 3 days?
What happens if i stop taking antidepressant abruptly?
What happens if one of your valves close and no surgery can be done?
What happens if someone with anorexia starts to gain weight on a low amount of calories?
What happens if you consume 800 calories or less in a day for a week?
What happens if you eat too little calories?
What happens if you have a thyroid problem?
What happens if you lick a pill & the pill contains something you're allergic too?
What happens if you mix alcohol and anti depressants?
What happens if you overdose on anti-depressants and have an energy drink?
What happens if you overdose on antidepressants?
What happens if you take antibiotics longer than directed?
What happens if you take antidepressants and ecstasy at the same time?
What happens if you take anti-depressants?
What happens if you tell your doctor you think of suicide?
What happens if you wash blood off your hands with hot water?
What happens if your heart fails?
What happens when admitted to the hospital for self harm?
What happens when someone overdoses on antibiotics!?
What happens when you go to the doctor to be checked for depression or anxiety?
What happens when you see your gp about depression?
What have i done to my ankle unable to bear weight! What should I do
What health effects can long term constipation have?
What helps get rid of skin rashes?
What helps relieve ulcers?
What herbs are good for food poisoning like illnesses?
What herbs can i use to relieve stress and reduce anger?
What hope is there for those who can't feel better from depression or other mental illness?
What hormone is produced in the ovaries?
What hurts more- shots at the doctor or shots at the dentist?
"What i think was an untreated kidney infection eventually cleared on its own, how likely is kidney damage?"
What if you are taking warfarin and you have hepatitis c. what can you take for the hep c that wont effect war?
What immediate things can i do to reduce stress and calm down?
What is a fear of waking up while put to sleep called? How does one overcome this?
What is a good bulimia recovery meal plan?
What is a good diet to lose weight ( basically don't want to look anorexic just healthy ) and some exercises ?
What is a good mild antibacterial or antiseptic mouthwash that does not contain alcohol?
What is a good way to deal with depression without medication?
What is a good/safe way to relieve anxiety?
"What is a healthy weight for a 5'9, 14 year old female?"
What is a herb or medicine that enhances sex drive?
What is a hernia and the symptoms?
What is a low heart ejection fraction?
What is a proven alternative to cpap treatment for mild to moderate sleep apnea?
What is a quick cure for athletes foot?
What is a really good long term anti anxiety medication?
What is a safe dosage for promethazine hydrochloride?
What is a way to cope with anxiety and depression while your parents are getting a divorce?
What is 'acid reflux'?
What is an alternative after having to quit smoking weed?
What is an anorexic weight for a 5'6 female?
What is an effective plan to lose weight for me?
What is angelman syndrome?
"What is anorexia, and what is this basic medicine for its treatment without sideffect ?"
What is anxiety and what are the symptoms?
What is bad for people for anxiety disorder?
What is better the lipozin pills or acai berry?
"What is bipolar disorder? Bipolar disorder different from generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder?"
What is brain aneurysm and what are the symptoms?
What is causing my ankle to pop out loud every step i take?
What is causing my chronic tendonitis and what can i do for it?
"What is causing my dry, irritated skin after a shower or long sleep?"
What is causing pain in my lower leg and ankle muscles(anterior)?
What is clotrimazole and betamethasone diproprionate cream?
What is clotrimazole cream used for?
What is gabapentin used for?
What is going on with the vein in my temple i think i have an aneurysm?
What is good to treat vernal conjunctivitis?
What is healthier: soy or normal milk?
What is hydroxyzine prescribed for?
What is idiopathic hypertrophic sub aortic stenosis?
What is ischemic cardiomyopathy?
What is it about pictures of nature and sounds of nature like rain that helps anxiety?
What is it about tea that is good for you?
What is it called when you have a cancer fighting agent in your blood naturally?
What is it called when your face is tingling when you get extremely angry ?
What is it called when your foots constantly hurts from wearing bad shoes?
What is it like to have a panic attack?
What is it like to walk after a fibula fracture after the cast is removed?
What is laser heart surgery?
What is l-glutamine used for ?
What is lotrisone used for?
What is major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder?
"What is meant by the word ""confusion"" regarding the side effects of antidepressants?"
What is more unhealthy for you chocolate or caramel?
What is neoplasm..what is its relation with bone tumor?
What is obsessive compulsive disorder and what is difference from generalized anxiety disorder?
What is pcp and when were they originated and why people use them?
What is significance of big difference in diastolic and systolic readings?
What is some otc medicine for nervousness?
"What is the best allergie medication for seasonal allergies such as pollen, dust, ragweed, hay fever, dogs, cats, hamsters etc?"
What is the best antidepressant to take with clonazepam?
What is the best anti-fungal medication for mild thrush?
What is the best appetite suppressant for dieting?
What is the best brand of raspberry ketones you can get at gnc?
What is the best cream or spray to get rid of athletes foot?
What is the best cure for bacterial vaginosis?
What is the best cure for trigeminal neuralgia?
"What is the best fat burn diet if you don't eat meat, eggs or fish?"
What is the best lotion for dry skin?
What is the best medication for anxiety and panic attacks?
What is the best medication for fear of flying?
What is the best natural treatment?
What is the best oil/lube for massaging your stretched lobes?
What is the best painkiller for a sprained ankle?
What is the best product for itchy feet?
What is the best thing to do to lose body fat/get in better shape?
What is the best treatment for appendix?
What is the best treatment for feline gum disease?
What is the best way to calm down and not feel nervous at all when doing a presentation?
What is the best way to control/help a panic attack?
What is the best way to express to people when they have hurt me?
"What is the best way to fade scars, around the ankle area due to self harm cuts in about a month?"
What is the best way to gain weight healthily?
What is the best way to get rid of black heads?
What is the best way to get rid of hemorrhoids within my anus at home and easy and fast way.?
What is the best way to get rid of mucus in throat?
What is the best way to get rid of the flu ?
What is the best way to heal a navel piercing?
What is the best way to heal a sprained ankle?
What is the best way to lower your appetite?
"What is the best/safest anti-depressant to quickly restore a level mood, and prevent a swing?"
What is the big obsession of being skinny?
What is the cause of sudden weight loss and loss of appetite?
What is the condition angina?
What is the correct way blood flows through the heart?
What is the cure for tonsillitis?
What is the difference between a cold and the flu?
What is the difference between a psychiatrist and a psychologist?
What is the difference between a sensitivity and an allergy?
What is the difference between an anxiety attack and a panic attack?
What is the difference between hiv and herpes?
What is the difference between non-melancholic depression and melancholic depression? Is it really possible to separate the 2?
What is the difference between open heart surgery and triple bypass surgery?
What is the difference between panic attacks and anxiety attack?
What is the difference between panic disorder and social anxiety disorder?
What is the difference between schizophrenia and schizoaffective?
What is the difference between street and anxiety?
What is the difference between the feeling of cramps and the feeling of appendicitis?
What is the differences between the diagnosis of anorexia and ed-nos?
What is the disorder where words are mixed up?
What is the distinction between the feeling of a cramp and appendicitis?
What is the effects of drinking alcohol and using zoloft? What would happen when you use this together?
What is the failure rate in birth control caused by?
What is the fastest way to bring an inflamed pimple down?
What is the fastest way to lose fat within a couple weeks?
What is the fastest way to lose your stomach & back fat?
What is the fastest working sleeping pill you can buy over the counter?
What is the function of appendix in human digestive system?
What is the general consensus on water fasting?
What is the gp likely to do about my anxiety and how do i get them to see how bad it is?
What is the liver and what does it do?
What is the matter with me why am i so shy and nervous!!!?
What is the minimum amount of calories you can eat without it being considered as starving yourself?
What is the minimum healing time for a sprained ankle?
What is the name of some sort of insect that draws blood mostly from the ankle?
What is the physical symptoms of a panic attack?
What is the proper way to wear an air cast ankle brace?
What is the routine oral anticoagulation range?
What is the scope of application of yenssen ulceloocin mouth ulcer patch which is a functional dressing?
What is the solution to treating severe panic disorder during pregnancy?
What is the strongest antidepressant made?
What is the surgery called for clogged arteries?
What is the symptoms of post natal depression?
What is the treatment for scabies?
What is the white hair growing on my arms and face? Im anorexic and i think thats something that happens but what is it called and why does it happen?
What is there fun to do when your ankle is sprained?
What is there in an anti depressant that help you focus and think clearer?
What is this horrible feeling of mucus behind my nose and top of throat and feels like it is going to choke me?
What is this huge ulcer on my labia?
What is this little lump on the outside of my anus?
"What is this pain in my hip, leg, knee, and ankle?"
What is this roxicodine 30 mg used for?
What is this swollen tube that is in my perineal region?
What is tortuosity of the thoratic aorta?
What is whey protein good for?
What is wrong with my ear gauges?
What is your opinion about anti-depressants?
What is your positive experience with zoloft or celexa?
What issue could i have with my heart?
What kind of cancer test requires antibiotics?
What kind of costs are associated with cpap machines?
"What kind of doctor should i see for symptoms of anger outbursts, confusion, forgetfulness, headaches?"
What kind of doctor should i see to evaluate my kidneys?
What kind of honey is best for acne?
What kind of medicines can help with emotional pain?
What kind of nurse wraps bandages and deals with people with minor emergency situations like sprained ankles?
What kind of process do you typically go through to get anti depressants?
What kind of symptoms what i have if my appendix was infected?
What kind of symptoms would i have if my appendix was infected?
What kind of tests tell if you have a weak heart?
What kinds of treatment is there for migraines while on an anti-depressant?
What kinds of workouts could i do with a sprained ankle?
What local anesthetic does not react with corn allergies?
What med are you supposed to take for extreme social anxiety ?
What mediation do doctors prescribe for generalized anxiety disorder?
What medication can help my anxiety?
What medications are usually prescribed for anxiety?
What medicine should i drink after having body pierce?
What medicine to be applied to cure a burnt wound by the motorcycle silencer on the leg?
What meds are good for anger and stress anxiety?
What meds should i take for panic attacks/anxiety?
What mental disorder do you think i have?
What mental illness does this sound like?
What metabolism boosters should i take with a heart conditon?
What must you have to be admitted as anorexic in the hospital?
What other medication could treat bipolar disorder other than lithium and fluphenazine?
What our side effect with someone that has only slept in 1 hours only in last 5 days?
What over the counter meds can i take for anxiety/ social anxiety ?
What pain medication will i get after i get my tonsils out?
What parts of the brain cause anxiety disorders to form?
"What percent if people with herpes simplex 1 show no sign of the virus, also how long does the virus live-?"
What precautions can a lesbian with herpes take to have a healthy sex life?
What prescription can help me with symptoms of insomnia/anxiety?
"What prescription can help me with this, if any at all?"
What prescription drug will keep me awake?
What prescription drugs make you feel good about yourself that are not antidepressants?
What products sells heavy ankle weights that are small?
What qualifies for being anorexic?
What questions will be asked by my gp if i think i'm depressed?
What relieves scratched teeth?
What relieves ulcers?
What remedies are there for allergies?
What reveals appendicitis?
What should a teenager take for anxiety and depression?
What should do to remove oily skin?
What should i be aware of about zoloft?
What should i do about a mouth infection ?
What should i do about a sprained ankle?
What should i do about cutting and suicidalness?
What should i do about loss of appetite?
What should i do about my anxiety disorder around my family?
What should i do about my anxiety disorder around my toxic family?
What should i do about my clicking ankle?
What should i do about my family who can't understand my anxiety and depression?
What should i do about my low self esteem and depression ?
What should i do about my sadness?
What should i do about my sprained ankle?
What should i do about someone who is suicidal?
What should i do about the anxiety attack i just had?
What should i do about this ear infection?
What should i do for ringworm?
What should i do if i still feel suicidal when takng antidepressants?
"What should i do if i think my eating disorder is returning, but was never treated the first time?"
"What should i do if i was bitten by a spider and a week later the bite did not hurt, but turned green?"
What should i do if my ankle hurts?
What should i do if my ankles hurt?
What should i do when i feel like i'm in a trance after an anxiety attack?
What should i do when i have an ingrown hair?
What should i do with my sprained ankle?
"What should i do, i have a 2nd degree burn, how can i bath/shower?"
"What should i do, keep on crying?"
What should i eat during the day if im on a diet?
What should i eat when i break my fast?
What should i expect my doctor to prescribe for hpv?
What should i expect when getting my wisdom teeth out?
What should i look for when i choose my moringa capsules?
What should my boyfriend do to relieve his depression?
What should someone do about undiagnosed sleep apnea?
What should we do about a hostile family member?
What should you do if your girlfriend has genital herpies?
What side is the appendix on?
What side is your appendix on?
What sort of places or people do doctors most commonly refer people to for anorexia?
What sort of things can i do to help me with social anxiety and depression?
What strategies do you use to cope with anxiety and depression?
"What structures keep blood always flowing mostly in a forward direction through the heart, and rarely backward?"
What supplements would help with the symptoms from prostatitis?
What symptoms does propranolol prevent for anxiety and what experiences have people had with it?
What symptoms would i be having if my appendix was infected?
What tea tree oil would be best for clogged pores?
What tea works to help lose weight?
What tests do psychiatrists do before prescribing medication?
What tests should i do for my recent excessive laughter and anger symptoms?
What the difference between pulmonary and cutaneous anthrax?
What the quickest way to drop weight about 25 lbs?
What things can i do to make my broken ankle heal faster?
What times of day should i take the antibiotics?
What to apply if you have an infected finger?
What to do about a long trip and frequent urination?
What to do about a vaginal bump?
What to do about anorexia?
What to do about depression and self harm?
What to do about horrible anxiety attacks at work?
What to do about my depression?
What to do about my puncture wound?
What to do about sensitive skin on face?
What to do about sharp pain in calf after short running?
What to do after being cut by metal door stopper?
What to do during a panic/anxiety attack?
What to do for open skin after a pimple?
What to do if poison ivy is still spreading after being treated by a doctor?
What to do if there is someone who is being attack by asthma without an inhaler?
What to do if your depression is getting a lot worse?
What to do to a swollen foot caused by a deep cut?
What to do when bit by a spider?
What to do when feeling anxious / nervous for no reason?
What to do when hypoglecymia occurs?
What to do when i am looking in to the future too much?
What to do when so depressed and no one cares?
What to do when there is nothing good about your life?
What to do when you can't sleep?
What to do when you feel really lonely?
What to do while broken ankle is healing?
What to do with a ripped off blister?
What to do with a scratch from dog's teeth?
What to do with a very big internal hemorroid?
What to eat on a really upset stomach?
What to eat or drink when really sick?
What to eat while having a bad case of diarrhea?
What to get someone while they're recovering in the hospital from an appendectomy?
What to say to the doctor about social anxiety?
What type of doctor can diagnose and treat social anxiety disorder?
What type of foods should i start eating more of to help lose weight?
"What type of vitamins are b-100 , and are they good for racing obsessive worries?"
What vitamin missing from your body causes anger issues?
What was the appendix's function in the past?
What wil the doctor do when your antidepressant helps with your depression but makes anxiety worse?
What will doctors do if medications do not help mental illness?
What will get rid of heartburn?
What will happen if i always hold my problems in my head?
What will happen if i have to get my gallbladder and appendix removed?
What will happen if i only eat 500 calories a day?
What will happen if i tell my doctor that i think about killing myself sometimes?
What will happen if i walk on a fractured growth plate?
What will happen if i wear a knee brace and a ankle brace at the same time?
What will happen if you are tired and not in a mood to watch porn but still you watch it forcely?
What will happen when i go to my doctor with signs of depression?
What will help little red bumps around my bellybutton to go away?
What will my doctor do for anxiety?
What work outs are good for your lower back/ muffin top?
What works against candida krusei vaginal infection?
What would be better to use for back acne?
"What would be the consequences of not eating for 4 weeks and only having water, and essential vitamins?"
What would be the symptons of a broken ankle!?
What would cause serious ankle pain?
What would eating a little bit of moldy bread do to you?
What would happen if i consumed around 750mg of caffeine?
What would happen if somebody had an anxiety attack during school?
What would my psychiatrist say if i told her i was self medicating with drugs?
What would the attitude of doctors towards anorexic patients have been like during the 70s and 80s?
What's a brain aneurysm?
Whats a good antidepressant that makes you feel really happy?
Whats a good combination of relaxing herbs?
What's a good diet plan which would help a teen lose weight?
What's a good excuse to hide my scratches?
What's a good way to control anger and to stay calm?
What's a healthy way to release your anger?
What's a safe remedy for anxiety that doesn't cause infertility?
"What's an affective way to deal with an abusive ""power-tripper""?"
What's an easy way to relieve stress due to school?
What's causing my jaw pain right after donating plasma?
Whats is a good moisturizer?
What's it called when you feel socially disconnected?
What's it called when you over-think everything and become anxious?
What's it like seeing a psychiatrist and what should i say?
What's it like to have a panic/anxiety attack?
What's it like when you seek help from a doctor for social anxiety?
What's promethazine vc used to treat? Does it have codeine?
Whats the actual best way to cope with the symptom of obsessive racing worries?
Whats the best anti-anxiety pill that can be mixed with a schizophrenia medication?
Whats the best anti-depressant for patients with bipolar?
What's the best antidepressant for severe depression?
What's the best lemon juice brand to lose belly fat?
Whats the best medcine for anginia pectoris besides nitroglycrin?
"What's the best moisturizer if i have dry skin on my nose only, and oily skin around the rest of my t zone?"
What's the best natural antibiotic alternative to treat paronychia?
What's the best thing to do for atheromatous aorta?
What's the best thing to help keep anxiety attack/pantic attacks away?
Whats the best treatment for obsessive racing fears in your head everyday?
Whats the best treatment or cure for obsessive anxious thoughts?
What's the best way to clean my butthole out?
What's the best way to clear nasal passage from allergies?
What's the best way to get my anxiety under control?
What's the best way to get rid of spots?
What's the best way to lose weight in 9 weeks?
What's the best way to lower blood pressure?
Whats the best way to quickly get over a sickness?
Whats the best way to release anger?
What's the difference between 1000mg and 250mg when taking biotin pills?
What's the difference between a cold sore and an ulcer?
Whats the difference between a hemorrhoid and genital warts?
What's the difference between anorexia nervosa and anorexia?
What's the difference between bulimia and anorexia?
What's the difference between depression and hormonal?
What's the difference between hearing voices inside your head and outside?
What's the difference between inhaling weed and cigarettes?
What's the difference between stable and unstable angina?
What's the difference between these? Panic attack and anxiety attack?
Whats the different between having panic attacks and anxiety attacks?
What's the hard swelling around my sprained ankle?
What's the healthiest kind of bean?
What's the medication to make you look better from an anorexic diet called?
Whats the most effective social anxiety medication?
What's the origin of natural sea salt as an antibiotic?
What's the quickest way to heal sores in the mouth caused by bad fitting dentures?
Whats the reason that women hate excessive body hair all over the body of a man?
Whats the role of the appendix in human body?
What's the worst that can happen if i got hit on my head (temples)?
What's the worst thing that can happen to my foot from plantar fasciitis?
What's the worst thing that could happen if an anti-fungal cream is used and there isn't an infection?
Whats worst antidepressant withdrawal or benzo withdrawal?
What's your opinion on morphine as a pain med. for elderly on hospice?
Whats your opinion on sleeping and anti anxiety pills?
When a person is exposed to an anaphylaxis causing allergen do they always experience hives and vomiting?
When can i eat normally after the stomach flu?
When can i go back to driving after having my wisdom teeth surgery?
When can i go back to work after having my appendix removed?
When can i play soccer again after i sprained my ankle?
When can i start using my foot after a slight sprain?
When can you expect to go home after an appendectomy?
When do you need to go to the doctor for a sprained ankle?
When do you start to gain weight on the depo shot?
When does anus hair grow a boy?
When does everyday nerves become an anxiety disorder?
When does fasting become an anorexic behavior?
When does poison ivy go away?
When does starvation mode kick in?
"When exiting my classroom, i hurt my ankle on the door stopper. what should i do?"
When having pain with your appendix will it also cause your back to hurt an your leg to go numb?
"When i do a squat my ankle feels really tight and it hurts, how do i fix this?"
"When i get angry, why do i feel sleepy afterwards?"
When i have a bowel movement there is a lot of blood in the pain and when i wipe myself. Is this serious?
When i sit down i get a pulsing pain in the lower right of my stomach. Is this serious?
"When i slightly push or apply pressure to the spot an inch to the right of my belly button i get a sharp stabbing pain, what could this be?"
When i stand up i go blind for a few seconds.. why does this happen?
When i try to go to toilet like a muscle sort of thing is this appendicitis?
When is it normal to start bleeding on your seven day break from the combined pill?
When is it time to go to the hospital with right side pain?
When is the right time to go back to school after wisdom teeth removal?
When people have an attachment or personality disorder are they unaware of their behavior?
When should i go back to playing basketball after an ankle sprain?
When should i go back to school after wisdom teeth removal?
When should i take my first antidepressant?
When should you get retested for an std after taking antibiotics ?
"When someone comes into the er because they are in extreme pain from appendicitis, what is the first thing they do?"
When to get my wisdom teeth removed?
When to seek clinical treatment for a bee sting?
When using a medicine for social anxiety how long does it take to notice if the medicine is good for you or no?
When ventricles contract where is blood pumped?
When will i be normal after anorexia?
When will i feel tiger balm work?
When will my period come back after anorexia?
When will the swelling of a broken ankle go down?
"When you are having an allergic reaction, does the eppipen (sorry for spelling) actually hit a nerve in the leg?"
When you enter a pool or the sea does water get inside normal people's anus ?
"When you get a blood test at the doctors, can they tell you if you are hiv positive?"
"When you get a sprained ankle, do you go to your local doctor or a hospital to get the cast?"
"When you go off antidepressants, can somebody explain what withdrawals are and what happens?"
"When you have anxiety, do you know you are worrying?"
When you have bronchitis how long of a supply should you be giving antibiotics for? The second of the month i was giving a five day supply for antibiotics but i am still very sick. was this not enough?
When you have obsessive anxious thoughts every day what do you do?
When you snore does that mean you are sleeping really well?
When you start your antithyroid medication how long does it take until you feel better?
When you take the antibiotic for chlamydia why do you get stomach pains? I heard it's the side effects so that mean the antibiotics is working?
When you use a pessary and cream to cure up thrush is the cream just to soothe?
"When you're getting surgery and asleep, can you feel anything?"
"Whenever i do trampolining my left ankle really hurts, what can i do to stop it?"
Whenever i get depressed it makes my tummy hurt really bad. Is this normal or is something wrong with me? do you think it may be unrelated..?
"Whenever i vomit i vomit a lot! just curious, why would this happen?"
Where can a teenager seek mental health help without parent support?
Where can i find a good step-by-step guide to eliminate anxiety disorder?
Where can i find information on anti aging foods?
Where can i get anti depressants?
Where do hemorrhoids come from ?
Where does the dentist stick the needle in your gums?
Where does the garlic ear ache remedy come from? What is the history behind this remedy?
Where is the hymen and what is it for?
Where to get help for depression?
Where to go about my anger issues?
Where would i find resources to understand how one with an anxiety disorder feels?
Which anti depressant is best?
Which antibiotic can be used when campylobacter is resistant to fluoroquinolones?
Which chamber is the last to receive blood before it leaves the heart through the aorta?
Which cities would be worse off during a massive viral pandemic?
Which diseases cause severe chronic constipation that doesn't respond to fiber or diet changes?
Which green tea is good for you? Do i get bottled green tea or is the green tea bags?
"Which is the best surgical option for female child aged 5 years having inguinal hernia, open or laparoscopic?"
Which is the healthiest breakfast option?
Which milk product is best for smoothies?
"Which oils are the best for using as a facial moisturizer? I've heard good things about olive, argan, coconut, sweet almond, hemp, jojoba, and rose hip oils. which ones are the best for normal skin?"
Which shampoo is best for getting rid of dandruff?
Which testosterone booster is best for me to workout with?
Which type of doctor should i see re: an irritation around the anus problem?
Who can give medication for social anxiety?
Why after my surgery in appendix they leave some plastic thing outside by the right side of my lower belly?
Why am i 3 days late for my period when i take birth control?
Why am i all of a sudden horny all the time?
Why am i always so tired all the time and everyday? What can I do about this?
Why am i always so tired/sleepy?
Why am i always tired despite 8 or more hours of sleep?
Why am i always tired even after 8/9 hours sleep a night?
"Why am i always tired, it seems like i am asleep more than i am awake?"
Why am i burping so much!? What can I do to stop this?
"Why am i easily annoyed, irritated and angered at the slightest things sometimes?"
Why am i experiencing blood during sex after a herpes out break?
Why am i experiencing irregular menstrual bleeding and pain during intercourse?
Why am i feeling sharp rectal pain after rectal examination?
Why am i having panic attacks in my sleep?
"Why am i having trouble falling asleep, i feel tingling in my body and brain then i jolt myself awake?"
Why am i hearing evil voices when i try to sleep?
Why am i so easily irritated over everything?
Why am i so paranoid all the time?
Why am i so super tired all of the time?
Why am i so worried im going to have a heart attack and die young?
Why am i still coughing a lot after having had strep throat?
Why am i still tired after a full nights sleep?
Why am i worn out from doing nothing all the time? Could this be a serious issue?
Why are anorexic people so skinny?
Why are antibiotics not effective against viruses?
Why are antihypertensive drugs that act solely by dilating blood vessels not very effective in the long-term?
"Why are gps and and other ""not psychiatrist"" doctors prescribing antidepressants and antipsychotics ?"
Why are gp's/docotors/psychiatrists so reluctant to prescribe diazepam/valium?
Why are mental illnesses broken down to different names rather then category?
Why are my fingertips numb in warm weather?
Why are my legs and ankles swelling after i got in a tanning bed?
"Why are my legs not swollen in the morning, but seem mildly so in the evening?"
Why are people with anxiety disorders discriminated against?
Why aren't you allowed piercings when you have a aortic leaking valve?
Why can antibiotics be used to treat bacterial infections but not viral infections?
Why can i not fight this common flu virus?
Why can i see my pulse in my belly? Is this serious?
Why can your appendix hurt and nothing happens when you get them out?
Why can't i function without anti depressants?
Why cant i get any relief from this brain injury?
Why could i possibly fear my own heart beat?
Why could my period be late after years of being regular and 4 years after husband's vasectomy?
Why did my anxiety attack come back out of no where?
Why did the scare straight program work on me but not my siblings?
"Why do ""cold"" and ""flu"" medicines make you sleepy ?"
Why do anorexics lose weight by starving but i gain weight?
Why do anorexics/extreme dieters not lose weight at first?
Why do anti anxiety herbs make me nervous?
Why do antidepressants make me gain weight so much?
Why do apples help me sleep?
Why do band-aids reduce pain? Or is it just a placebo effect?
Why do dentists support wisdom teeth removal so much?
Why do doctors not give antibiotics for common cold but when you have strep they will give you antibiotics?
Why do i always fall asleep after school?
Why do i always feel fat when i eat? Is it possible that i have an eating disorder?
"Why do i always get quick, beating heart pounds every few seconds?"
Why do i always have an increased appetite before my period?
"Why do i always have to have something in my hands? If i'm not holding something (lighter, car keys, phone, etc), i become frantic. i have anxiety disorder. help?"
Why do i care so much about pleasing strangers and people i don't care about? Is this a disorder?
Why do i completely obsess over the appearance of my body? How do I stop worryin about this?
Why do i feel anxiety when i am sexually aroused?
Why do i feel guilty after eating every meal?
Why do i feel like i need sex all the time?
Why do i feel like i want to cut myself?
"Why do i feel my body stop breathing in my sleep? And eventually wake up. something along the lines of sleep apnea, right..?"
Why do i feel so blank without emotions?
Why do i feel so depressed and anxious all the time?
Why do i feel so resentful and full of anger and hate?
Why do i flip out for no reason sometimes?
Why do i get anxiety and restless almost everyday?
Why do i get asthma when i run?
Why do i get depressed/angry at the slightest things?
Why do i get mad/sad over something little? How to stop being to angry?
Why do i get sinus headaches but only at night?
Why do i get so anxious over working out?
"Why do i get so nervous before i go work? Once i'm there i feel much better but still abit anxious, what is this ?"
Why do i have a weird feeling for several days after drinking?
Why do i have acne only on cheeks and nose?
Why do i have an ocassional blood coming from my anus?
Why do i have hayfever in autumn/fall?
Why do i have no appetite and very nauseas all the time?
Why do i have seperation anxiety from my boyfriend?
Why do i have so much anger inside of me? What's a healthy way to release it?
Why do i have the feeling of huge anger or the need to hollar?
Why do i keep getting a water infection?
Why do i keep getting ear infections?
Why do i keep having such large poop?
Why do i keep relishing my bad temper to my mom these days?
Why do i now get stomach pains when i get extremely stressed out?
Why do i panic when i have to eat?
Why do i sometimes get a pain in my anus after an orgasm?
Why do i stress out and get mad so easily?
"Why do i suddenly have so much anxiety, especially in the morning?"
Why do i wake up in the middle of the night gasping for air?
Why do i wake up in the night gasping for air?
Why do i wake up with a feeling of anxiety?
Why do i wring my hands whenever i'm nervous or excited?
Why do junk foods disgust me and healthy foods attract me?
Why do most antidepressants cause erectile dysfunction?
Why do my ankles constantly pop and hurt?
Why do my eyes always have red veins on them?
Why do my feet pulse after masturbating?
Why do my gauges have crust when they were fine before i switch to silicone?
"Why do obese people find restricting food hard, while anorexics find over eating hard?"
Why do people care so much about surgical scars?
Why do people struggle to overcome anorexia?
Why do people think that just exercise alone will help with weight loss?
Why do people with borderline personality disorder sleep around?
Why do people with depression and/or anxiety get easily into rigid thinking?
Why do psychiatrists downplay the risk of antipsychotics?
Why do sleeping pills help me with my depression and anxiety for a while?
Why do social situations with people i'm close to make me so nervous?
Why do vasodilators not have a long term effect?
Why do we even have an appendix?
Why do we get morning breath?
Why do we have two butt cheeks?
Why do we opt for medication for depression?
Why do women sometimes get such an excessive appetite when they menstruate?
Why does anxiety from caffeine make my heart feel weak or feeling different?
Why does anxiety make you think you are going to die?
Why does depression cause mood swings?
Why does depression reccur if medicines are discontinued?
Why does everything that has to do with feelings give me anxiety?
Why does it feel like i have a fever if my temperature is normal?
Why does it feel like my heart stops beating when i fall asleep?
"Why does it happen at different points of the body, like behind the right shoulder or around the collarbone, if the attack happens in the gallbladder?"
Why does it hurt when i hold my poop?
Why does it seem that so many more people now have peanut allergies or gluten intolerance?
Why does lemon juice make my chest hurt?
Why does my ankle always hurt while i run?
Why does my ankle burn when i walk?
Why does my ankle feel like it's tightening and why does it turn in when i ride?
Why does my ankle hurt when bad weather comes?
Why does my ankle keep giving way?
Why does my ankle still hurt two years after injury?
Why does my ankle swell up after basketball?
Why does my anus itch very badly after i have diarrhea?
Why does my anxiety actually cause pain?
Why does my anxiety get worse after the fact?
Why does my anxiety get worse when i'm not working?
Why does my anxiety make me feel like im in a dream state?
Why does my butt always itch after i poop?
Why does my hand freeze for a couple of minutes after i punch the wall?
Why does my head hurt when i hold back my anger?
Why does my heart beat so intensely?
Why does my left leg tingle whenever i breathe in deeply?
Why does my muscular body look fat in clothes?
Why does my skin blotch/rash after contact with water?
Why does my social anxiety get triggered whenever i am around confrontational people?
Why does my stomach make funny noises all the time?
Why does pain come from places other than the gallbladder during a gallbladder attack?
Why does schizophrenia get bad reputation even worse than sociopath and narcissistic personality disorder?
Why does starving myself make me feel better?
Why does taking morphine tablets make me itch a lot?
Why does trazodone make me sick? Could it be I'm allergic?
Why does water come out of my eyes when i blow my nose?
Why doesn't every food allergy parent have their child desensitized?
Why doesn't therapy and antidepressants work for some people?
Why exactly are grapefruits and blueberries good for your health and why?
Why have i lost all motivation and passion for life?
Why have i started getting bad trips from weed?
Why i feel pain in my right stomach 5weeks after my appendix burst surgery? What should i do?
Why i have a difficulty breathing when i'm lying down at night?
Why is adult chicken pox considered more serious than when you have it as a child?
Why is aids such a problem in africa and how can it be adressed?
"Why is coronary and carotid the first arteries to be affected, not subclavian or others?"
Why is it that some people get anxious and tense right before having sex with complete strangers?
Why is it that sometimes it feels relieving to hit my head when i feel frustrated or anxiety?
Why is it very common for girls to get anorexia?
Why is it when giving iv meds if a person will develop a reaction its likely 2 happen the 2nd its given?
Why is mrsa such a dangerous infection?
Why is my ankle still swollen 7 weeks after a fall!?
Why is my ankle\foot still numb a week after a very minor surgery?
Why is my anus light pink?
Why is my heart rate always up when i check my blood pressure?
Why is my leg making a high pitched squeak?
Why is my lower right side of stomach having sharp pains and pressure?
Why is my mouth dry after antibiotics?
Why is my penis so itchy?
Why is my poop orange with black spots?
Why is my skin getting oily so fast? Is it possible to slow it down?
Why is my sunburn turning black and blue?
Why is sleep deprivation lessening my anxiety?
Why is the cut made in one's leg to remove a vein for a coronary bypass graft not completely healed?
Why is there a bump on my gum after dentist killed the nerve and cleaned ?
Why is there a delay of weeks in alleviation of depression symptoms after initiation of antidepressants?
Why is there a red mark on my ankle?
Why is there blood in my phlegm with strep throat?
"Why is there still pain, swelling, tightness and discoloration 2 years after ankle break?"
Why isn't alcohol considered medication?
Why my chest is tightening when i take antibacterial capsule?
Why si there a bunch of puss coming out of my mosquito bite?
Why some people starve themselves when it doesn't work?
Why when i cut myself this time i started hyperventilating and crying!?
Why won't my back stay clean and clear of acne even though I keep good hygiene?
Why would a heating pad help my stomach?
Why would i be asked to go back to the hospital after having a sleep apnea assessment?
Why/how do teenagers get shingles?
Will a doctor call you back immediately if you had some tests done and the results were bad?
Will a hurt ankle be better in three days?
Will a mental hospital help someone with anger issues?
Will a stress test detect angina?
Will a titer determine immunity?
Will anorexia stunt your growth?
Will anti depressants work?
Will antibiotics eventually become useless?
Will antidepressant harm someone underage?
Will antidepressants make me feel better about myself?
Will antidepressants work again after stopping them cold turkey for a few days?
Will bactrim antibiotic interfere with provera birth control pill?
Will balancing out my hormones make me different?
Will bipolar meds take away my creativity?
Will body building stop my height growth?
Will coffee help my stress or make it worse?
Will dentures cause bad breath?
Will discharge on my underwear reinfect me with chlamydia even while on antibiotic?
Will earthworm entered into anus affect the body adversely?
Will eating 310 calories make any difference to my weight?
Will eating problems affect my period cycle?
Will facial mole removal leave a bad scar?
Will forcing myself to throw up make me lose weight?
Will germs one day became resistant to anti bacterial soap?
Will green tea help my headache sore throat and runny nose?
Will having weed in ur system affect antidepressant meds?
Will hemorrhoids ever go away completely?
Will i be able to run after a few days of having pneumonia?
Will i be admitted to a psych ward if i go to a&e for an overdose of anti-depressants?
Will i be ok without my appendix? Does it really have no effect?
Will i be okay when i get my wisdom teeth out?
Will i be okay without an appendix?
Will i get anthrax from a skull i found?
Will i lose weight by only drinking milk?
Will i need antibiotics or is there a home remedy?
Will i pass my urine preemployment drug test?
Will i still be protected if i took uti antibiotics a day after taking the morning after pill?
Will i throw up if i get a panic attack?
Will intestines still work if they aren't connected to the anus?
Will it hurt if 2 of your baby teeth have to get removed and at the top.will the shot hurt?
Will masturbating once a week delay the healing process of epididymitis?
Will medication for anxiety help my depression?
Will medication for anxiety lift my mood?
Will my anorexia interfere with my birth control?
Will my anti-depressant side effects wear off?
Will my body or skin change if i stop eating candy?
Will my breasts continue to grow despite eating problems?
Will my inflammation come back if i did not finish the entire bottle of antibiotics?
Will my ingrown toenail go away itself?
Will my physical fatigue go away after the av node ablation procedure with pacemaker?
Will my root canal hurt in a few days?
Will nasal mupirocin affect my birth control?
Will new ringworm lesions appear?
Will nystatin or vagisil treat ringworm?
Will precautionary intake of vitamin c and/or antibiotics prevent catching an infection from someone else?
Will reducing my antidepressants help me lose weight?
Will rubbing alcohol and hydrogen peroxied cure my folliculitus on the back of my head?
Will seeking help from a psychiatrist actually help or just waste my money?
Will smoking weed negatively affect my anti depressants?
Will taking a shower start your period?
Will taking an antacid half an hour before taking painkiller pills beutralize the effectiveness of the painkillers??
Will taking cetirizine hydrochloride affect me while i'm working out?
Will taking minocycline affect my lyme titers?
Will the bumps on the anus go away after getting a hemorrhoid?
Will the cpap mask cure your sleep apnea?
Will the doctors have to reset my ankle again after breaking it?
Will walking on my tip-toes and wearing wrist weights all day improve muscle tone?
Will white spots on tonsillitis go away?
Will you please suggest me some prayers to deal with depression?
Will zzzquil help calm my anxiety and panic?
"Woke up choking on vomit, not sure if i should go to the hospital?"
Wondering if i could take penicillin with allegra ( antihistamine) or would it be better to take with (acetaminophen)?
Would a doctor tell my parents if i have self harm scars?
Would a hole in your heart and aortic stenosis be a life threatening illness?
"Would a successful anti-depressant help get my ""common sense"" back?"
Would an incentive spirometer help sleep apnea?
Would an overdose cause a miscarriage?
Would being underweight but with a high amount of body fat be a cause for high blood pressure?
Would i be at risk of developing schizophrenia?
Would it be hard to stab yourself in the aorta?
Would it be possible for surgeons to attach my hand onto my ankle and my foot onto my wrist?
Would it harm me if i stopped my antibiotics for one day/night to have a drink?
Would my mental illness prevent me from certain jobs?
Would penicillin antibiotics capsules treat my dry socket?
Would taking zma reduce my anxiety and heart palpitations?
Writhing pain in my left knee and ankle after i began running. what's causing this?
"Yeast infection and infected hair follicle, is there any connection?"
"You have had tonsillitis before, how long roughly does it take for your appetite to come back?"
"You're taking fish oil, then you should also get fat-soluble antioxidants. what's that?"
How long does it take for acne scars to go away?
"I recently managed to get myself to stop picking acne, but now I have some acne scars all over my body. how long do they take to go away usually?"
What could this brown spot on my butt be?
Can drinking tea tree oil get rid of acne scars?
Is it okay to use msm cream for scars?
Does manuka & raw organic honey enough to cleanse the face?
"I have a few acne scars on my back, what are some good creams to use?"
Can a spray tan cover small stretch marks?
How long can your stretch marks last?
Is sitting too much bad for loose skin and stretch marks?
Do stretch marks ever go away by itself?
Can you really get rid of stretch marks naturally?
My pimples wont go away and im using sulfur bar soap. Any tips?
I just starting taking 100 mg 2 x a day for rosacea. How long will it take to work?
I am terrified to take yaz or other birth control. Is there anything else?
How can I get rid of severe oily skin?
Best way to remove scars from your forehead?
How to get rid of a hypertrophic scar fast?
What's the fastest way of removing older aged keloid?
Nose keloid came back after a year. What should I do?
Keloid has grown on the earring. How can I get this removed?
My cartilage has gotten a bump on the side..could it be a keloid?
Where are the incisions done for breast augmentation?
Can you do steroid injections for a keloid if the jewellery is still in?
I have a tracheostomy due to damage to my trachea that cannot be repaired because of my keloid scarring?
I have a mole next to my eye. It doesn't hurt but should I get it removed?
Will the piece of mole that the doctor didn't shave grow bigger?
How to prevent myself from getting moles?
How can I get rid of a dark pigment/freckle or scar at home?
What would be the cause for multiple nevi with neoplasm in a teenager?
Can I protect my dysplastic nevi with band aids? Would that even help?
What can I do to get rid of spiderveins?
Is there anything that would help me get rid of my spiderveins without going to the doctor?
Why are my cheeks always hot and red even if it's cold outside?
Is it possible to tell if a mole is cancerous?
What are these black tiny dots on my eye? Should I be worried?
How can I get rid of a dark rash on my philtrum (my upper lip)?
Why is my acne worse only on my philtrum?
Why is my birth control not working anymore? Is it possible to be immune to it?
What are the problemsthat can arise from a small philtrum?
"I get a new pimple,zit,whitehead everyday. What can I do to prevent this?"
Any good tips on getting rid of acne?
Brown stuff instead of period. What does this mean?
How much suger intake is recommended daily?
My 6 year old neice broke out in pimples (regular pimples) on her chest and left arm for no apparent reason. What could have caused this?
What should I do to get rid of facial pimples?
"I'm having lots of pimples & dark spots on my face, how can I cure this?"
"Small painless pink bump with pinpoint red dot in the center, what could this be?"
Which contraceptives are best to use or does it vary from person to person?
How long does it take to get back to normal after getting breast implants?
Can I get silicone breast implants at 20 years old?
Could female firefighters not get breast implants due to the extreme heat that they are subjected to?
Do breast implants really decrease your risk of breast cancer?
Is it true that breast implants decrease your risk of breast cancer?
How to increase breast size non-surgically?
I have large breasts and I am considering breast reduction. Are there any risks?
Do I have to get a nipple graft with breast reduction if breast are 40cm?
What proportion of 'boob jobs' are for breast reduction as opposed to enlargement? Where can I find this data?
Is it normal for your breasts to get smaller after giving birth?
Im having a breast operation and I think ill be on my period. Will it be okay?
What causes man boobs?
Do certain types of birth control give you more oily skin?
Does cetaphil gentle skin cleanser cause facial acne?
I hate myself because of my acne. please help?
What is a good way to get rid of red marks on your back and shoulders that are not acne?
What is the best way to get rid of acne on forehead?
What are the best all natural moisturizers for acne and oily skin?
What are natural ways to whiten your skin?
Want my tan lines to go away. is there any stores with skin lightening products for your body?
Suggest some quick remedies to remove skin tan after a long time?
I used to go for swimming few years back and I had got tanned a lot! Is it now possible to get my skin lightened again?
What does it mean if you have really dark armpits?
How can I reduce dark circles underneath my eyes?
What is an effective way to reduce the recurring acne scars on my face?
How to get rid of spot marks on my face?
Bump on bottom lip after kissing. What could this be?
Swollen itchy vagina. What could cause this?
Best way to treat exfoliative cheilitis?
I never had a cold sore in my life. Does this mean I'm immune?
What is this tiny bump on lip that bleeds?
I have herpes. what else besides abreva can I use to get rid of the break outs?
Have these hard red bumps down there. Is this herpes?
What is the skin disease called vitiligo? How do you get it?
"Headache only on right side, often at night. What do you recommend?"
What can I do to treat my vitiligo?
Could I open my vitamins and just swallow the powder inside the capsules with water for faster effect?
What kind of tests can I do to find out any issues with my thyroid?
What to do to get rid of facial spots?
Should I be worried about a bump in inner vagina lip?
Am 22yrs old. I feel weak. Could it be from a lack of vitamins?
What can I do to get rid of my dark circles under eyes?
What's an inexpensive way that will show results to get rid of dark circles under my eyes?
Which is better for baldness due to alopecial: minoxidil or clobetasol propionate?
"Besides surgery, what is the best way to regrow hair on a bald spot?"
What are effective drugs for hypertension?
Could I test rogaine on a portion of my head to see if it will really grow new hair? Are there risks involved?
Does being nervous and not moving enough lead to baldness?
Can propecia make me physically weaker?
Will rogaine foam work on a beard?
Can you buy propecia at any drug store?
What can I do to make a side of my mustache grow faster?
Is there any way to completely remove armpit hair & stubble?
Is it safe to get the shaft of your penis and your balls laser hair removal? I'm tired of shaving.
What is the best hair removal cream for males in those sensitive areas?
Tips on healing a minor burn on the face?
Is there any connection between your facial hair and height?
After shaving can I use a regular moisturizer or is it only after-shave?
I have started shaving quite young and want to get rid of the hairs for good. Is this possible?
"Why is it that hospitals consider hernia repair ""cosmetic surgery""?"
"I'm just curious, where are the incisions done for breast surgery?"
Breast augmentation swelling. How long is this supposed to last?
How old do you have to be to get breast implants?
After delivery my breasts have become loose and saggy. how can I make them perky again?
What are good questions to ask an oncologist that specializes in breast cancer?
How long after breast augmentation surgery would I have to rest before working again?
"I need labiaplasty for health reasons not cosmetic purposes, but I have only have medical insurance. Does this fall under that?"
Scared about braces staining my teeth. Is there any way to prevent this?
Is it impossible to replace your enamel if it's gone?
"When you lose all your enamel, is it gone forever?"
What are the bad side effects that could happen if I take male hormones as a teenager?
Is there any way to get rid of a chubby butt?
A hair follicle hasn't grown from this red bump/scar for months. What could this be?
What are the treatments for boils on the vulva (vaginal area)?
How long will one .5 mg klonopine stay in your system for?
How effective are safety razors for shaving?
Really bad razor burn. What tips do you recommend to treat this?
Is it normal to bleed from each individual spot where a hair has been pulled after a brazillian waxing?
Does veet waxing strips work on your back and stomach?
"If you use veet, does hair always grow back after a while?"
Why do I feel so drowsy on accutane? Is this a normal side effect?
Will the drowsiness and lack of focus improve after a few weeks when my body and mind get used to accutane?
How long do I have to wait before accutane leaves my blood stream?
Can I take other supplements while on accutane?
How can I avoid losing self esteem with severe acne?
How long till dry skin goes away and you can see the effects of accutane?
"Im on accutane, is it okay if I go on a diet?"
Is it safe to go tanning after taking accutane?
Scalp is uncontrollably oily. What can I do for this?
Does accutane work on body acne?
Does the sun make your acne worse?
"If you are taking accutane and you're allergic to it, when do you start seeing symptoms?"
I am taking accutane and getting very bad dryness around the mouth. Help?
Do I take accutane with hot or cold food?
Is there something I can use to coverup old age spots?
"Why do my brown ""liver spots"" on back of hands turn white when subjected to water? Is this normal?"
What can I do for age spots on my face?
What is a cancer spot? What does it look like?
How can I cure these brown splotches\lines on my arm?
Would it be a good idea to consume more protein if I want to tone my body?
Why did the back-pressure/arm-lift method before cpr cause my ventilation of the lungs?
How do I know if I broke or fractured my arm? What are the signs?
Will I burn fat from my arms lifting 5lbs for 15 minutes every day?
What can I do to cover up my facial rashes or get rid of them for good?
Will sudocreme be good for my facial rash?
What does it mean if you get facial rashes and vomit randomly?
How can I relieve the burning from a facial rash?
Best way to get rid of facial rashes?
Does your penis still grow after the age of 19?
"Can a man permanently remove his facial hairs without costly treatments? If so, how?"
What are the pros and cons of depo shot and birth control?
Is it true or not if you grow facial hair while on the pill and if you gain weight on the shot?
What drugstore products do you recommend for skincare/acne?
"Dry skin from using benzoyl peroxide, should I try a new skincare routine?"
Can your skin become immune to acne treatment if you've tried too much?
How do I get rid of back pimples if I can't reach the spot?
I went to the fair and now I have a really bad sunburn! What can I do?
I have skin lightening product and I want know what the side effects are?
Does skin whitening soap actually work?
Natural ways to lighten the anus?
How can I get rid of my dark bags under my eyes on my pale skin?
Does clean start face wash work to remove acne scars?
I noticed that the clean start face wash gets rid of your pimples but does it also work for acne scars?
"I have razor bumps on my legs, how to get rid of it?"
How can I tell if it's herpes or just a razor bump?
I have two small pimple like structures on my outer vagina lip. What could they be?
Why am I having under eye wrinkles after gaining weight?
What is the best way to get rid of or at least control acne?
Is egg white good to use for your skin?
Is skinoren (azelaic acid) good to use for acne?
Best way to treat comedonal acne?
Is it true that sandalwood paste is good for bad acne scars and red cheeks?
Why does my skin scar much more easily than it used to? Is it age related?
How can I clear nail scratch marks on my face? Can I use bio-oil?
Does revitol scar remover work? How long does it take to see results?
Possible causes of body acne all of a sudden?
I just had an allergic reaction to hair dye! please help?
"Sharp pain in my nostrils, could this be serious?"
"I've always had a flat mole on my face. It looks more like a birthmark than a real mole, so could it be cancerous?"
What are safe ways to get birthmark removed?
"My facial lady said she can get rid of my birthmarks with ""organic peels."" Should I try it?"
What exactly is a vascular mass?
How long does it take accutane side effects to wear off if you just started using it?
Why have my lips suddenly become dry or weird. Could it be from accutane?
"If you sunburn on your face, are you more likely to gets freckle in the future cause you've damaged your skin?"
Do you freckle more if you were sunburned in the past?
What can I do about blisters from sunburn?
"Recovered from fever, but now have very red skin, no sex drive, no erection. What could it be?"
Peeling on face after sunburn. How long does this last?
"I wore a tampon for less than 2 hours while not on my period, could I get tss from that?"
"I have a slight sunburn, is sph 30 enough to keep it from getting worse when I'm outside?"
"I think I have the flu but i'm not sure, what symptoms should I have"
Used nair in vaginal area and it started burning. What should I do?
I had an allergic reaction to hair removal cream. Does that mean I will with other types?
What can I use to get rid of facial warts?
"Does hpv vaccine prevent facial warts, since warts are caused by the hpv virus?"
My facial wart pulse. Is this worrying?
When I put on the facial wart remover on it sings like heck and my whole chin pulses. Is this normal?
"Tretinoin (retin a) has made my skin extremely dry, is this normal?"
What is the best anti aging products to use?
"Tired of disappointment, what can I do to prevent stubborn acne?"
Is it okay to use clindamyclin gel and tretinoin cream while on accutane?
How can I reduce my stretch marks on my stomach?
Is scar laser treatment safe? Are there any long term effects?
"La mer, mederma, massages, and nothing seems to work for acne scars. Would a laser treatment work?"
I have really bad vision and need glasses but I dont like them?
How can sun tan and skin blackening be reduced?
How can I reduce/remove scarring from my arm?
What could these purple spots on my face be?
What can I do to fade my stretch marks?
"Can't use bio oil because i'm allergic to it. apart from laser treatment, what are my options?"
How often should sunscreen be reapplied if you're going to be outside all day?
Does having a lot of moles give you a higher potential for skin cancer?
Post inflammatory hyperpigmentation not responding to 6% hydroquinone. What should I do?
I keep getting cold sores. I've tried almost everything and nothing works. Help?
Red rash on face and arm that looks like heat rash/prickly heat. What can I do to make it go away?
Weird rash on face/neck that sometimes appears and then disappears. What should I do about this?
What is this year old with rash on face and ears now spreading to arms and back?
"Rash on face from tums, what can I do?"
"My face broke out in a red itchy rash after taking a couple tums, is there anything that will make it go away?"
"Vomiting, diarrhea, and rash on face. What are these symptoms of?"
"I have a rash on face, neck and chest. what could this be?"
Mysterious & sudden skin rash on face. I don't know how this happened. Help?
Can oxy pads work for acne?
Is it safe to rub alcohol swabs in your skin?
"What acne face wash should I use, and how often should I use it?"
How can I get rid of acne pustules?
What advice can you offer for someone suffering from low self-esteem?
What is the difference between retin a and retinol?
What can I do to treat dry skin with fine lines!?
Is using too much anti wrinkle creams bad?
What is the right age for someone to start using anti aging cream?
Which anti aging cream works best to treat early signs of aging?
Just bought my derma roller 1.5. How often do I need to use it?
"I have acne, but I also have dry flaky skin. Is there anything I can use to treat them both?"
What are some good ways to get rid of zits or milia?
Is tanning with your eyes closed but your face still towards the sun still bad for your eyes?
Could an overactive thyroid possibly be due to adrenal insufficiency?
What could be causing my penis smelling like a raw potato and the tip is white (while not pulling back the skin)?
What could be the reason behind the sudden redness on my face?
Does tree tea oil really work for acne ?
Does one's  diet affect acne at all?
I have problems with acne. At what age are they supposed to go away?
Are there any eczema treatments that I can use to help with oily skin?
Good idea to use chemical peels for Acne red marks?
I have uneven tanned dull skin that's very acne prone. What do you recommend?
What can I do for small red lumps on face?
What should I do to remove the darkening of my neck after exfoliation?
Will a superficial chemical peel help my minor scars and discoloration?
Its been a week and a half and I got a superficial chemical peel. When will the aftereffects fade?
Raised itchy lump/scar after using hydrogen peroxide. What does this sound like?
Does african lack soap get rid of black spots and liver spots or is this just a rumor?
"Spot on liver, what can cause spotting on your liver?"
Why/how do these brown dots on my skin just suddenly form?
Should I put a bandage over my recent burn or let it air out?
Facial burn recovery duration. How long does it usually take?
What is a good facial burn treatment?
"Every time I sneeze, I sneeze multiple times and can't control it. Does this sound worrying?"
Why does my stomach hurt when I drink milk? It's not an allergy. I also get really gassy.
"Is there a safe,natural remedy for me during allergy/pollen season?"
Where can I get an inexpensive saline solution?
Will taking benadryl allergy when on birth control nullify the active ingredients in birth control?
Go into an asthma attack when I eat sulfer dioxide. What does this mean?
Is it okay to drink while i'm on prednisone?
Are these random blisters on my arms cause for concern?
What are the symptoms of food intolerance? Does it vary from person to person?
Would pepto bismol help my nausea from a food allergy?
Does testing for food allergies in children painful?
Probably causes for a sudden swollen tonsil?
Is there a connection between vitamin d and allergies?
Is it possible to have milk intolerance but not with cheese?
So I brush my teeth a lot with mouth wash. how do I get my breath really fresh?
Is there any permanent solution for bad breath?
"Can a bee sting near the brain(eg, temple) increase chances of anaphylaxis through the future?"
What classifies an alcohol allergy? What are the symptoms?
I have a strange allergy to blueberries and other fruits. Is there anyway to overcome this?
Could I be allergic to rabbit meat but not live rabbits?
"I have a severe allergy to shellfish, but desperately wants to go to japan. What precautionary measures can I take?"
What could be causing me to suddenly breaking out in hives all over my butt?
Chronic eye watering: what causes this?
What are these red bumps under foreskin and some on bottom part of the head?
What are the symptoms of an allergic reaction to peanuts?
I have been taking claritin d everyday for allergy problems. Not really working. What should I do?
"Yesterday when it was raining, I start sneezing crazily. Am I allergic to rain?"
Im currently living around 5 cats which im allergic to. unfortunately moving isnt an option right now. Advice?
How does seroquel works?
How can I stop myself from snoring?
I'm using the nose strips and taking and antihistamine for a snoring problem. What else can I try?
What can I take to get rid of a cough?
Wat could be the reason why I wake up every morning with severely swollen eyes?
Does hydrocortisone cure allergic rashes or just treat the symptoms?
Injury prone (hamstrings): could food intolerance cause my muscular injuries and overall tightness in that area?
What could cause constant bloating?
What do you recommend to get rid of a flaky scalps?
"Have been to the doctors and I may have ibs or a food intolerance, how can I reduce gas and bloating?"
What causes bloating after I work out?
Could bloating and cramping be caused by a food intolerance or an allergy?
Why is my tummy always bloated? how can I debloat?
How can I make an anti-itch cream at home?
How to get rid of these small pink bumps on my upper back?
What do hives look like? Are they little red bumps?
Can I take .50mg of hydroxyzine the same time as I take .25mg of klonopin?
Could too much mold in the house cause hives?
Can a person be allergic to all types of red meat?
I have a tiny cluster of blisters on my leg. What should I do?
What would happen if I smoked poison ivy?
What are the symptoms of poison ivy?
Can you get poison ivy even without touching it?
How long can someone who has aplastic anemia live?
"If aplastic anaemia is fully cureable, then why do people worry so much?"
Where can I get help with diagnosing what autoimmune disease I have?
Positive ana but no autoimmune disease. What does this mean?
"Is it possible to have nothing wrong your thyroid, but still have an autoimmune disease?"
"Ana choice test positive, very concerned/confused. Advice?"
What could cause an adult skull to start making cracking noises and then begin enlarging?
Why do people with diabetes type 1 tend to be fat?
How to heal a canker sore on back of throat?
Do symptoms come all at once if you have hiv? Typically how is it seen with symptom?
Could my hormones be the cause of my frequent sores?
What tips do you have to get rid of canker sores?
What are good pharmacological treatments for celiac disease?
What are some effective treatments and drugs used to treat celiac disease?
"Can rapid hairloss, adult chronic acne and stretchmarks connected?"
Do kids going through puberty tend to have hormonal imbalance?
Marijuana is the only thing that helps my ibs and celiacs disease. What else can I use?
What genes/chromosomes are affected of you have celiac disease?
What could this rash that won't go away with prednisone be?
"Pocked nail, no cuticle, dry cracked skin, itchy puss bubbles. What are these symptoms of?"
Fish oil-like taste at throat area. What could this be?
"Weird taste in mouth. I use mouthwash, drink lots of water, no drug allergies/sickness/conditions. any tips to cure it?"
What could cause both canker sores and a yeast infection? Could this be from a weak immune system?
What tips do you have to avoid fevers?
"I have two abscessed teeth and it has caused an infection and its spreading, i'm really scared?"
"If I am allergic to sulfa, am I also allergic to sulfate?"
Can my unborn child be harmed if I have a drug allergy?
Best remedy to stop a runny nose?
What do doctors do to test for a peanut intolerance?
Chronic hives and lots of allergies. Why is this happening?
My left ear feels clogged/full and then becomes painful. Could it be from environmental allergies?
Are there any alternative treatments for allergies?
What is prednisone commonly used for?
I think i'm allergic to msg. What foods should I avoid?
My husband has the flu that started 4 days ago. I don't feel sick yet. Could I be immune?
I am allergic to egg. how can I know that some food is containing egg?
Why am I allergic to flu medicine? How do I find out exactly what in it I'm allergic to?
Why does my stomach hurt whenever I eat greasy food or fast food? Do I have an allergy?
What are conditions that causes swelling in feet hands face not associated with allergic reaction?
Should I go to the ER for a possible first occurrence of angioedema?
Overnight lip swelling! Ideas of cause? Possibly due to improper kidney function in that they retain too much water?
Is hereditary angioedema type iii a genetic mutation?
I have uticaria and wanted to know what foods I should avoid eating?
Can an allergy to nylon lead to a swollen tongue?
What are the side effects of Citalopram?
I started taking 20mg of citalopram today and noticed side effects on first day. Is this normal?
Does every urticaria and angiodema case end up in anaphilaxis shock?
H3n2 virus: how to treat it?
"How does ""atelectasis"" and ""bronchiectasis"" differ?"
There's this tickling feeling in the back of my throat and I constantly cough! How to cure this?
Is it ok for me to be smoking while taking azithromycin for lung infection?
Why blood is seen in sputum or in cough in the case of bronchiectasis?
"How to heal dry, chalky tongue that has a constant burning sensation for 3 weeks?"
Is it possible to have spring allergies even when it's still cold and snowing?
Will a doc give me an inhaler for my hay fever?
"How can I get rid of an allergic cough caused by pollen/dust/hay fever, etc.?"
What can I use to get corticosteroid out of scalp?
This canker sor is hurting extremely bad. How can I soothe the pain?
What to do for numbness in left upper thigh?
What are common side effects of dexona and cypotin tablets?
Best way to treat pinched nerve?
What is the best way to get rid of the bumps caused by keratosis palaris or at least make it reduced?
My 8 years old son is diagnosed with mild lymphocytophenia and his platelet count is 435. What does that mean?
Does anyone know if you can have sle and parkinsons at the same time?
What are the side effects of tranexamic acid?
Itp - hormonal imbalance: which doctor should I see about this issue?
Difference between lactose intolerance and milk allergy?
What causes food to not get all the way through the digestion process?
Does whey protein powder contain a lot of lactose? I'm intolerant.
My son has an peanut allergy but has no reaction. Does that mean he doesn't have it?
I have postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome and I hate the life it has given me. Is there any hope to cure this?
"Allergic reaction, how to find out what it was to?"
Allergic reaction to numbing material used by dentist. How can I get procedures done in the future?
How to get rid of poison oak oil that is on your skin even before the rash starts?
I put poison oak on my penis to make it bigger and was wondering when is the swelling going to go down?
I keep breaking out in a rash all over my body. What could be causing this?
I have a little bit of poison oak on my penis. my wife and I want to have sex. Is it okay?
Is it reasonable to stay home from work with a rash on your face?
How is Dermatitis herpetiformis caused?
"I was referred to a nutritionist for celiac's disease, is it worth going?"
How soon after starting a gluten free diet do your symptoms start to improve?
What should I do to get a more proportional body?
How can you stop your eczema from flaring up?
Just diagnosed with celiac. Do you any advice to offer?
Is it easy to keep a gluten free diet if you have celiacs?
"I was diagnosed with celiacs, now what?"
Steriod nasal spray- how long does it take to work for sinus headache?
What's the best nasal spray (prescription or OTC) for severe congestion from allergies?
I have a sinus infection and every day I feel even worse than the last. What else can I take?
Treatments for blocked ears?
"For the past week i've had a terribly sore throat, headaches and a cold. Is an ear block one of the symptoms?"
"I've been taking beconase spray, but its making me feel worse. Why?"
I've lost the hearing in my ear & have a bit of pain in it & a small amount of bleeding. What could be wrong?
Stuffed nose for over 3 months now. Any advice?
Does allegra have a lot of caffeine in it?
Is it safe to take both dexiant and allegra at the same time?
What can cause recurring nose bleeds?
What are possible allegra side effects?
Every morning for 2 years now I wake up (7am) sneezing and runny nose and I sneeze all the time till about noon. What does this sound like?
Severe asthma and coughing up blood. Should I go to the ER?
Is it safe to be flying with a sore throat?
"I have bad sinus issues and when my sinuses are acting up which is every day and sometimes all day, my nasal passages get congested. Any advice?"
Im addicted to nasal spray. Is this bad?
"Headache is getting worse. I have been on claritin, flonaz, and zyrtec but nothing seems to help long-term. any suggestions?"
Are there any allergy meds comparable to clarinex-d?
How to tell if I'm affected by hsv 1 and 2 virus or hiv virus?
"I have hives on my skin for 3 weeks, when will they go? How long do they usually last?"
Small bumps on my lower leg and lower arms mostly. Does this sound like eczema?
Can allergies cause you to be drowsy?
Any useful advice for sinus pain?
"Can't even smell strong perfume at all. I have been using beconase and sudafed nasal sprays, could they have caused my insensitivity?"
Possible cause of stuffy itchy nose?
Could my permanent retainer be the cause of my tmj / tinnitus?
What to eat and drink if you have a bad case of bronchitis?
Is it possible to have an asthma attack without the loss of lung function?
I can't breathe at all. What should I do?
Major post nasal drip - nothing proven effective works. What now?
Boogers everyday in my nose. Can't breathe. How can I prevent this?
How can I clear a stuffy nose?
Can I take nasal spray if i'm dizzy?
What does nasonex do to you when you get checked out by the doctor?
Can putting menthol in a vaporizer make my bronchitis worse?
How can I get rid of a blocked nose?
Any good nasal swelling home remedies?
"Ear pain, sinus pressure, tingling tongue, tingling roof of mouth and pressure on roof of mouth. Causes?"
I found black liquid on my water filter. Could this be black mold?
How do I know if the mold in my apartment is a health hazard?
"If you were allergic to mold, could black mold kill you?"
How to tell if mold is making me sick?
How does black mold effect you if you ingested?
"We have black mold in all the windows, bathroom tiles, and even in walls. Can't afford to fix this. What can we do?"
Will my fruit allergies get better or worse as I age?
What could cause sudden water retention on one side of my body?
Is there such thing as a banana allergy? What would be the symptoms?
How do you know if you are allergic to bananas?
I have an itchy throat after eating cashews. Could this be an allergy?
Is it okay to take benadryl with aller tec (by kirklands) for an allergic reaction?
Lips constantly swelling up. What can I take for this?
My friend has a very bad cat allergy. Is there anything I can do to make her more comfortable when she comes over?
What are the steps involved in an allergy test?
How do I get rid of this dander in my home if I have a cat allergy?
Can cat allergies lead me to have pneumonia?
What tips do you have to get proper clear skin?
I am 20 year old but now I am losing my memory. I can't remember things for a long time. What should I do?
How can i get rid of very bad dandruff/dry scalp?
Why do I always get a really intense headache and feel like im gonna puke every time I try to eat eggs?
Is it possible to stop being lactose intolerant?
I was told i'm not lactose intolerant. Is there another condition that is similar?
Is it possible to cure a horse allergy?
Are there some home remedy for kiwi fruit allergy?
What could cause a sudden onset of basic allergies?
What is the best dust mite allergy treatment?
"If sneezing always whenever I stay in dusty area, does that mean I am allergic?"
My nose blocks up every night when I sleep. How can I prevent this?
Should I invest in a vacuum cleaner for dust mite allergy?
"Ive just eaten some pineapple today, my skin has started to go weird and more irritated. Could this be an allergic reaction?"
What vitamins are good for sensitive digestive systems?
What is the best way to check for food allergies? Should I get blood work or skin test?
Is there a way to cure severe food allergies?
"I have braces and have been wanting a tongue ring for a while, but I dont know if I should get one if I have braces?"
How long for tongue swelling to go down after an allergic reaction?
Suddenly covered in hives. Is there any way to find out what it was?
What do you suggest to help stop my anxiety attacks?
Cough during the day and swelling of the tongue at night. What is wrong with me?
How to tell if I am allergic to chocolate?
How did I form my tree nut allergy?
Do you have any tips to start a gluten free diet?
What can I do to stick to a low carb diet?
Is it possible to be allergic to a fruit's seed but not the actual fruit?
I have ibs and I look about 3 months pregnant at times. Exersise doesn't shift . What should I do?
Can you cure (or lessen) food allergies through exposure therapy?
What kind of allergies might I have if I break out when eating bread and pizza?
Are wheat allergies really common?
My stomach hurts every time I finish eating breakfast. What could be wrong?
How to tell if I have celiacs disease?
"Gluten free diet causes constipation, what should I do?"
I feel very unwell whenever I eat bread or pasta but i've no wheat allergy or crohns. How do I find out what it is?
Is there a cure for chronic fatigue syndrome?
How to tell if it's a chicken allergy or intolerance?
What kind of tests do I need to tell if I am hypoglycemic?
What causes pet allergy development?
Is there anything I can do to get rid of dog allergies?
"Is there anything that can be done at home, that can help/stop my dog allergies?"
What can I do about my dog allergy?
Is it safe to go running with a sore throat?
Is it true that almost 90.9% people in the whole world have an allergy from mushrooms?
"My friend is allergic to mushrooms, will broth with them boiled in it and taken out lead to a reaction?"
is there a way to reduce a peanut allergy so I won't need an epi-pen?
"Even though allergies activate the immune system, why can they be fatal?"
"My son can eat peanut butter sandwiches, but the second he eats nuts , he has itchy ears and itchy throat. Does this count as an allergy?"
Can I take the creatine for a peanut allergy?
"Mild peanut allergy symptoms, but I don't have an allergy. Could it be developing?"
Is it possible to have an intolerance or sensitivity to peanuts without having an allergy?
My son had shrimp at the age of one and got hives on his neck. he is going to be three this year. Should I try to reintroduce it?
Can people with shellfish allergies eat imitation crab and be okay?
What would happen if I took way too much aleve?
Is it possible to be allergic to yoghurt but not milk?
What can I do if im allergic to fresh fruit? How can I stay healthy?
What is aids and what can you do to prevent it?
How does aids spread when there is sexual contact?
Could you get HIV from giving blood?
"I think I have hiv please help me,worried sick. What should I do?"
Can hiv cause infertility in men and women?
How to deal with constant asthma attacks?
Will the use of inhalers make a drug test inaccurate?
What copd medications would test positive for methamphetamines?
Two year old advair diskus? What harm could this do to you?
Can I mix azithromycin and allergy pills together?
"Trapped finger in a door earlier, what do I do?"
What is not a common communicable disease?
Can consuming dairy make your breasts bigger?
Do the pills for healthy weight loss work?
What protein powder should I use if I want to gain weight?
How can I prevent from getting conjunctivitus?
My brother has HIV and I live with him how can I keep away from it and not let it spread to me?
What is a temporary treatment for lasik flap dislocation?
I have a red eyeball. it hurts. and it keeps producing this white goo in my eyes. What does this sound like?
Is there anyway I can improve my eye sight?
Half of my left eye is all red. What could be the cause?
"How to treat red, swollen, itchy eyes?"
Red itchy dots on my skin. Probably causes?
Is applying a thin layer of plan coconut oil in nose is useful to protect dust allergy & viral infection?
Always have mucous and my voice is always weak and raspy. How can I clear my throat?
I have a sore throat from a cold and I have to do an oral presentation tomorrow. Is there any quick remedr?
Whyat causes my nose to produce a lot of mucous?
I need homeopathic and/or ayurvedic help to treat/control my ill health. What do you recommend?
"I get itchy skin whenever I get hot, like a bath or when I do exercise. What could this be?"
Thick mucus coming up but no cough. Any ideas?
What environmental factors can cause constant congestion in my home?
Is it possible to have an allergic reaction to the antibiotics in meat?
Is it possible to become allergic to chocolate even though you weren't before?
Is it okay to put visine-a onto my eyes and then wear my contacts?
Is an eye allergy something I need to see an optometrist for?
Can I use tylenol allergy relief medicine but for a cold/flu?
"What are natural, fast ways to stop seasonal allergy symptoms?"
My husband has seasonal allergies and they are really bad. What vitamins or foods would be food for him?
Is it normal that cvs non-drowsy allergy relief-d actually makes me drowsy?
What do you recommend for pollen allergy relief for baby?
I took 8 equate allergy relief. Should I be worried?
What OTC products work for allergy relief?
"Is it possible to cure allergies caused by pollen, dust, hay fever, etc. without getting an allergy shot every two weeks?"
What can purple perilla seed oil be used for?
What could be the cause of itchy rough feet?
Allergic to just about everything; is there a cure? What can I eat?
How are allergy tests done? What is involved?
"As of about 6 months ago, I can""t eats eggs anymore because it upsets my stomach. Why is this?"
What determines if some people react to flu shots and others don't?
Allergic to curad brand bandaids but not others. Is this unusual or what?
How do people have allergies to condoms?
Red krill oil capsules: apart from allergy to shellfish what other things in it that can cause a reaction?
Do skittles have wheat in them?
I have recently found out I have an allergy to wheat. do skittles or other candies have wheat in?
Is it possible to become un-allergic to wheat or other things?
Why does my body have a problem processing alcohol? What is wrong with me?
Are there any otc allergy treatments that would be effective?
Which is the best allergy pill for a cat allergy?
Can a milk allergy come out as gas within your joints?
I have to constantly clear my voice or it gets croaky and 'phlegmy'. How can I keep my throat clear?
Is it possible to lose an allergy to something?
I think i'm allergic to my bunny. How can I tell?
"Is it really possible for a person to be allergic to sexual intercourse, break out in hives and get a panic attack?"
How can I treat my boyfriend for trichomoniasis without him knowing?
Can nausea be the primary symptom of ibs?
What could cause a spike in blood pressure?
Where can I find a list of low iron foods?
"Started new antibiotics yesterday, today one foot is itching and a small area is covered in all bumps. Is this normal?"
My child is allergic to most antibiotics. Should I still send her to school?
Will I still be able to take erythromycin if I am allergic to ampicillin & penicillin?
"Deciphering a thyroid hormone test result: is an antithyroglobulin antibody titer of 1:50 too high, or is it alright?"
"Hep b vaccine series, final shot effective after 6+ months of first shot. True?"
"If I don't complete the hep vaccine series within 6 months, would I need to repeat the cycle again?"
Can you get a shingles vaccine without having had chicken pox before?
How many vaccines can I get at one time?
Can asthma reduce your height?
Should I see my doctor about asthma?
My family has a history of asthma. my mum has it quite bad. Should I speak to my doctor about asthma tests?
Why doesn't marijuana smoke give me an asthma attack but cigarette smoke does? Is this normal?
"Daughter has a terrible reaction to rice, and I go into an asthma attack when I eat sulfer dioxide. Are these related?"
Should I take my nebulizer for allergy symptoms?
I think i'm having an attack of some sort? How can I tell what an attack feels like?
Is it possible I have developed adult asthma? What could cause this?
How do I heal a big rash that is itchy red and scabbing all over my ankle and is spreading but hasn't healed in half a year?
"Soy allergy. Should I be avoiding in diet but using a cleanser that includes ""soybean extract""?"
How to treat a blood blister on areola?
Red rashes on arms on right arm. Causes?
"Eczema help,lost layers of skin on fingers and my skin seems to take forever to grow back. Recommendations?"
Is there any way to cure skin discoloration from atopic dermatitis?
I have the attack of jaundice up to ten times.upto now I am again and again getting attacked. Advice?
Do you finally lose weight once you get hypothyroidism treated?
"High tsh levels but normal t4 levels, I don't understand what this means?"
What is anti-tpo and what if it's at a high level?
"Headaches, no energy, tingly feelings, cluttered thought and acid reflux. What could this be?"
Doctor says wait 6 months to determine if I am low thyroid. Why is this?
Can hypothyroid go away after a while?
Diagnosed with hypothyroidism. What are my next steps?
Leukemia/lymphoma symptom but normal blood tests. Can you explain?
My wrist keeps clicking - is this related to the autoimmune disease uveitis?
Can drinking alcohol cause you to lose weight?
Had my first migraine I think. What does it feel like?
How can I live with my IBS?
My doctor just told me today I have irritable bowel syndrome. Any tips on coping with it?
What can I do to get pimple free skin?
What is the reason behind the pins and needles sensation?
Is it safe to take nyquil if I have asthma?
Why is amlexanox prescribed for asthma in japan but not here in the US?
Can you be prescribed an inhaler even if you don't have asthma?
Allergy to fish. Will I still be able to take my lifting supplement?
Is it okay for me to use xenadrine and alli together?
Is it possible to survive with 0 calories per day for 3 months?
Should I take up pilates or yoga to deal with my depression and fatigue?
"What is a quick, effective way to lose belly fat before summer?"
I'm looking to get a flat stomach for summer. Any tips to get rid of belly fat quickly?
What do I need to know before getting braces?
Penis glans skin is dry and flaky. How can I treat this?
Is it safe to use hydrocortisone cream for dry skin on my face?
What are hydrocortisone cream side effects?
What to put in a first aid kit if you are going to be babysitting?
What can I do for eczema relief. Help?
What are some psoriasis treatments that work?
What can I do to get rid of inflammation caused by razor bumps?
Hearing sound effects while I sleep. What could this be?
Can I still take my .25mg of klonopin as usual while taking a hydroxyzine?
Is it ok to take hydroxyzine for withdrawal from adavan?
What is hydroxyz pam 25mg used to treat?
Will 600 mg of hydroxyzine and 300 mg of mirtazapine be considered as an overdose?
"Spot on 6 month old son's cheek keeps getting infected, lymph nodes behind left ear swollen. What could this be?"
Can I use hydroxyzine to treat coughs?
"I have a baby inside of me I am 18 weeks if I take hydroxyzine pam, will it be harmful to my baby?"
Is hydroxyzine effective for anxiety?
Can vicodin make you feel sick and throw up?
"What is "" lga "" or "" iga ""?"
My sister got her blood test and she has a decrease in her lga. What does that mean?
Can undigested starch in the stool be a sign of celiac disease?
Why do I always have bad breath even if I brush and floss?
Are there any side effects from the pneumonia shot? Is it similar to getting the flu shot?
Does getting your ear pierced and the flu shot hurt? Should I do it on different days?
"I have the flu at the moment. I did not take a shot, I do not believe in them. I've been sick for a week. Help?"
I got to go for a blood test and I want to know what they are used for?
Which allergy test should you get if you want to find out everything that you're allergic to?
What does anti hbc igg reactive means?
6 weeks pregnancy with crl 4mm no cardiac activity detected and rubella igg above 200 iu/ml.what would happen?
Blood test igg 12.63 reference range 0-20. What does it mean?
What does the rubella ab igg test tell you?
Little paper cut tears in my vagina. What does this sound like?
What could cause an elevated igg4 level?
My rubella ab ( igg) result is positive( 151.1). Is this dangerous?
What are the risks of untreated lyme disease?
I have just been diagnosed as a hepatitis b chronic carrier. How to tell if I am an active or passive carrier?
What are diseases/illnesses similar to aids/hiv?
How can I get help for severe guilt associated with major depression?
What is psychotic depression exactly?
"Swollen lymph nodes/glands, no other symptoms. What could this be?"
Is it okay for me to take nyquil if I have a fatty liver?
"Is there an average age range for people becoming at risk of being lactose, fructose & gluten intolerant?"
I recently found out I have genital herpes but I also have kidney failure. What can I expect?
I got bit by a dog. Help what should I do?
What is the main cause of varicella zoster (shingles)?
How would you explain what a varicella zoster (shingles) is in layman's terms?
Should I get vaccinated for hepititis a after I have been in contact with an infected person?
Healthy before blood donation but day after have a cold and a massive headache. What does this mean?
I just caught a cold from one of my classmates when my immune system was down. What to do to get better fast?
What are some remedies that are effective for insomnia?
How long after you ingest a bad egg will you see symptoms of salmonella poisoning?
What exercises / plans do I need to lose weight?
How to tell if I have a mild case of shingles?
I see this imaginary girl keeps following me everywhere. What should I do?
I keep getting sick every month. What is wrong with me?
What is the prognosis for people with scids disease?
I got pricked by a needle used by my dad who's hepatitis b positive! Could I be infected now?
How does one get acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)?
Blood donation refused due to low antibodies. What does that even mean? Should I be worried?
What are the negative affects of donating plasma twice a week for a month?
How to tell if it's intolerance or an allergic reaction  to dairy?
My doctor is doing watchful waiting for leukemia. Is this normal?
Possible causes of sudden hearing loss?
Advice on having food allergies or intolerances?
What can I do to make my nose stop running?
Are there any similarities between lupus and aids?
Any advice on getting over a fear of blood?
"All natural hospital birth, will I be able to deny vaccines?"
Is it true that the mmr vaccines cause intestinal problems which then leads to autism?
I have severe eczema and it's really awful. How can I get rid of this?
What treatments are available in order to permanently remove painful paresthesia?
Why isn't it possible to have pancreas transplants?
Why is it that not all type 1 diabetics are offered pancreas transplants?
Is using cortizone cream for pimples on shoulders and neck a bad idea?
"If a female teenager was to get a heart transplant that was chronically rejected, how long would it take to realize that?"
Why do docs treat aids with immunosuppressive drugs?
What doctor do I go to for immunotherapy for allergies?
Is there a cure for allergy attacks?
"I have oas(oral allergy syndrome) and I am also a pescetarian, I was wondering what kind of fruit I can eat?"
How many times should a woman be douching?
Can I donate blood even if I have asthma?
Do all the asthma inhalers have the same effect?
"I took 3 puffs from my inhaler, what could happen?"
How to tell if I am allergic to cigarettes?
Can asthma always be controlled? What tips do you have?
"Strange yeast infection/uti-like symptoms, no infections whatsoever. What does this sound like?"
What could this rash that looks like chickenpox be?
I have a sacral dimple could I have spina bifida?
Vagina swollen after foreplay. What should I do?
My boyfriend is allergic to condoms. What should we do for protection?
I had sex during my period. Is there anything to worry about?
Vagina starting burning sensation directly after sex?
Is it okay to use cleanser supplements while fasting if I have intestinal permeability (leaky gut syndrome) or should I be ok if I take the supplements?
What is leaky gut syndrome and how can it be treated?
Diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis. Is it true that you can change your diet and cure?
What medicine to take for seasonal allergies?
Is a brand of manuka honey better for health benefits than others? More serious health concerns athritis etc.?
How to deal with chest pain caused by allergies?
"It's been real windy and my pollen allergies have been acting up, could this be the cause of an achy chest?"
What could be causing me to randomly break out in hives?
I am using a beclometasone dipropionate nasal spray for my rhinitis. What are the side effects?
My cough won't go away. It's been almost a month. What should I do?
Cigerette smoke allergy diagnoses. Help what do I do now?
Bloodshot eye and nose bleed. Could these be related?
Should I go to the hospital if I have an allergic reaction?
How does sulfamethoxazole (smx-smz-tmp) affect blood sugar levels?
How long does bactrim stay in your blood stream?
Is it possible to get steven johnson syndrome from one antibiotic?
I just received my bloodwork and my anti thyroglobulin ab level is 11050. What does this mean?
Why are steroids used in subacute thyroiditis although it is due to infection?
"I want to gain weight but I have an overactive thyroid. Lost too much weight, what do you recommend?"
Can untreated hashimo's thyroiditis lead to thyroid cancer?
Does multinodular goiter with slightly elevated thyroid antibodies possibly mean an autoimmune thyroid disease?
Is it true that taking probiotic supplements can make an autoimmune thyroid condition worse?
What are good dandruff treatments for forehead/bald patches?
What should I apply to the part of my head that is bald but has flakes?
Can you have celiac disease and still not be allergic to wheat?
What causes hairfall and excessive dandruff?
Will Kratom make me fail a drug test?
I have been researching hpv a lot and i'm still confused! Can you get rid of hpv or not?
Can a urine test at gynecologist show hiv?
Have serious dandruff issues. What do you recommend?
Is the lloyds pharmacy home hiv blood test accurate?
"Any natural cure, or anything other than medication for sour stomach?"
Whats the most effective way to take 80mg of prednisone?
Hiv antibody negative after 5 months. Could this be accurate?
I think I have dermatitis. What are the telltale signs?
Can too much gluten make you drunk?
What are common causes of an elevated b12 levels?
I'm curious of where crucell antibodies come from?
What could be why I keep getting pelvic infections again and again?
What are the symptoms of gluten intolerance?
What could be the reason for yellow stool without no other symptoms?
How can I stop myself from feeling so bloated?
"I have celiac disease, what's going to happen if I don't follow the recommended diet?"
I have mal-absorption and my hair is falling out. What do you advise?
"Premature fetus, cause intestines not to be able to finish delveloping = malnutrition on adult?"
What can be used for milk for a toddler with fructose malabsorption and lactose intolerance?
Can zyrtec be used for hives caused by peanut allergies?
Waking up in the morning: coughing gagging runny nose sneezing. What could this be?
Can I take clarithromycin 500mg while also taking cetirizine hcl 10 mg?
"Four amoxicillin, two cetirizine, and two advil. Is this possibly fatal?"
Are there any alternates similar to periactin (cyproheptadine)?
Can I get periactin without prescription?
Suffering with thyroid and severe cold. What kind of food should be given to my son?
"I've been eating, exercising, and sleeping but still not gaining weight. What could be wrong?"
How and where are t memory cells produce?
Is it true that Tmemory cells produce when the b lymphocytes are activated?
What brain test can pick up brain tumors?
I start having chemo for hodgkin in my thymus.after 3 days of treatment I start feeling breathlessness. Is this normal?
I regularly take 20 mg of fluoxetine and I just took two corididin tablets. Will I be okay?
What are the active ingredients in phenabid?
What can cause a false positive in an HPT?
Difference between chlorpheniramine maleate and pheniramine maleate?
Are minors able to buy coricidin?
Is it possible to transfer cancer to someone else?
What is a condition called that increases the likelihood people will develop chronic diseases?
What remedies do you suggest for an itchy throat?
My right ear is constantly blocked. How can I deal with this?
What could cause my chronic sinus infection?
Can sleeping problems be linked to sinusitis?
What to do if I have a permanent or reoccurring sinus infection?
Fluid behind eardrum. What is the recommended treatment?
Can your body readjust to foods you used to eat but haven't in a long time?
How do I overcome treatment resistance for major depressive disorder?
Am I able to set up an appt myself with ent doc without a referral from my primary physician?
Tips of sore throat remedies?
What do you recommend for a bad breath problem?
Post nasal drip is making my stomach queasy and nausea. What should I do?
What can I do to make these nausea symptoms go away?
"I have a really sore throat, what do you suggest to get rid of it?"
"I feel like i'm coming down with the flu, my throat is getting sore. does anyone know how to help it?"
Diarrhea off and on for over a month. What could this be?
Ulcerative colitis and now on humira. What are possible side effects?
Diet recommended for healing psoriasis naturally?
Is it normal to be bleeding between periods whilst on humira and methotrexate?
Should I see doctor for allergic reaction or will OTC drugs be good enough?
What could cause skin colored bumps that itch all over my body at night?
Does loratadine work for prickly heat cholinergic urticaria?
I'm a recent resident of san diego & i've started breaking out in hives. Could all the pollen arond here be the reason?
Is it possible to be cured permanently from urticaria?
Red spots after I take a shower. What does this indicate?
"What can I use to treat a sunburn-like, itchy rash?"
Best way to get rid of jock itch?
What can cause an itchy rash on hands and cracked skin on knuckles?
"I have an itchy rash from antibiotics, what should I do?"
Could maximuscle have given me a rash?
What are the symptoms of genital herpes?
"Is it safe for me to use ""mupirocin ointment usp 2%"" on the itchy rash behind my knee?"
What do you recommend on how to cope with someone who has schizophinia/bipolar/depression?
"I think I suffer from chronic depression, is there anything I can do?"
What can I do to get rid of this horrible twitch in my thigh?
My throat hurts everytime I swallow. I'm not sick so what could be wrong?
Pain along left side of chest. Help what should I do?
"I've smoked the spice drug a few weeks ago, that was my very first time, and ill never do it again!! what are the side effects of the drug?"
Will too much masturbation cause erectile dysfunction or other complications?
Feeling small sharp pain in right breast. What could cause this?
"I'm feeling small but sharp pains at the upper part of my right breast, kind of like a throbbing feeling. What's this sound like?"
What does really off colored mucus from the nose indicate?
Why am I always sleeping when i'm sick?
What are different ways that t-cells fight infections in the immune response?
My dr said I have low cortisol levels.i know its a stress hormone and it refulates metabolism but what else could happen?
What is the difference between specific and non-specific immune responses?
What disease causes your inflammation in the gums?
I had allergy patch tests put on yesterday and they told me not to get them wet. Any tips on how to do that?
I get really bad night sweats at night! What should I do?
What should I do if I have an allergic reaction to a cream?
Extreme itchiness all over. Help! What can I do for this?
What should I do if I had a bad reaction to vitamin e capsules thinning skin?
How to stop the burning sensation on my genitals from nair?
Is it normal for a patch test to itch a little?
Can dust mites go through newspapers or is that enough?
"Mom has been cough and wheezing for a month, on prescribed medication since then. Can she be suddenly allergic to the dog after 2 years?"
Is a dark room worse for your eyes then one that is lit with sunlight?
I always seem to have a stuffed nose and itchy throat. Reasons?
"No cough, just the sinus issues which are in need of tissues.What could be wrong with me?"
Test and they said I scored a 1 with cat dander and a 3+ with dust mites. What do these numbers mean?
"My eyes have been constantly irritated for a few year now, what do you recommend?"
What are the benefits of protecting children from second-hand smoking?
Can you test positive for methamphetamine from second hand smoke?
Are there any dangerous side effects of sitting next to a smoker?
Can exposure to second hand smoke during childhood lead to an increased risk of lung cancer in my later years?
Can weed be harmful to an infant if second hand smoked?
Mouth/tongue itches when eating avocados. What does this sound like?
I think I might have an std. How do I get tested?
"Any advice, for 6 years i've had various symptoms of fatigue, muscle and joint pain, swelling, etc?"
How to prevent itchy throat while I am asleep?
Tickling throat that makes me cough happens every night. How do I get rid of this?
I am 39. I have excessive vaginal lubrication even though I am not sexually aroused. Is this bad?
How can I get rid of an obvious boil on my face?
I just got my spider bites (lip piercings) and my lip swelled. How do I get the swelling down?
What could cause my vaginal lips to be swollen and itching?
What could cause my lips to get swollen when I go to sleep?
"I have a lump on my vagina, what should I do?"
My blood glucose is low. How can I get it to normal levels??
Mouth so dry I can't swallow food. What do you recommend?
Is it possible to get high from ic doxepin 25 mg capsule?
What can I do about a uti that will not go away?
What could be causing me to be breaking out in hives all the time?
How to tell if it's allergies or celiac disease?
Why do I have stomach problems and fatigue all the time?
"Possible reasons for constantly dizzy, bloated, and nauseous?"
How to deal with ocd and derealization?
Face/eyelids swell after drinking beer. What could this be? An allergy?
How do I know that i'm allergic to tampons or if I'm just not inserting it in properly?
How can I exercise if I have bad asthma?
Is there anything stronger than ventolin I can take?
Where can I get immediate relief from asthma symptoms?
I think I overdosed on asthma inhaler. What could happen?
What is the best cure for asthma or at least an effective one?
What tips do you have to control my asthma?
What are non-traditional drugs for reversible obstructive airway disease?
Are there any drugs that are similar to seretide diskus?
What should I expect when getting a TB skin test for work?
What can I expect at an allergist appointment for over 3 hours?
Tuberculosis skin test almost positive. What does this even mean?
Can I have a blood test done for anything?
Where do I get the pulmonary function testing (pft)?
"My boyfriend has copd at age 20, what can we expect?"
What is invovled in a pulmonary function test?
"If I was sent for a chest x-ray, would the person doing the xray be able to see the results or just the doc?"
What could have caused me to fail my pulmonary function test?
Do you recommend a bronchoscopy for asthma patients?
What does low heart rate and chest tightness indicate?
How to tell if I have cystic fibrosis?
Possible causes of chronic ear pain?
What are some good non prescription allergy medications I can eat quickly?
Persistant cough for 2 years after moving to a different state. What could this be?
"Why am I able to swallow pills easily sometimes, but other times I can't?"
Is it possible that allergy medication messed up my period?
I am extermely dental phobic. need to have more work done but nitrous oxide did nothing. What are my options?
Do dentists usually give you laughing gas for a root canal? What's it like?
"What is a better sedation for dental teeth removal? Laughing gas (nitrous oxides), or a fast acting benzodiaza?"
What is it like to be put on laughing gas?
What happens when you get a filling on your tooth?
What is a lumbar microdiscectomy?
Will my medications affect my epidural steroid injection?
What other treatment is recommended if lumbar epidural steroid injections do not work?
Where can I get steroid shots to relieve back pain?
Will anesthesia make me say/do inappropriate things while I'm under?
What could these red blotches on my chest be?
What advice can you offer for someone about to have gallbladder removed?
Why can't I eat after having anesthesia?
Does teeth whitening require you to get anesthesia?
How long do wisdom tooth extractions usually last?
Do they use an iv with general anesthesia for wisdom teeth?
Impacted wisdom teeth removal. Does it hurt a lot?
Why did I remember everything before and after I got put to sleep. Is this normal?
What are the after effects of anesthesia for an endoscopy?
Is getting your wisdom teeth out similar to getting your tonsils out in terms of pain?
Will taking valium make me more comfortable with getting an iv?
Can the human mind cure a simple mental disorder like depression on its own?
Getting one wisdom tooth out tomorrow. What can I expect?
"Is it possible to detox from heroin while under anesthetic like the guy in the novel ""phoenix""?"
Do I absolutely need to get wisdom teeth pulled?
Is it okay for a patient to be sedated by gas for a blood draw?
What are the differences between pain killer drugs and anesthesia drugs in veterinary medicine?
How to treat pain and rectal bleeding while pooping?
How much time should you safe to wait between 2 iv push medications?
Is it safe to take nsaids in addition to fentayl patch?
How to treat burning discharge from vagina from patient with stage iv invasive bladder cancer after cystectomy?
I have been on various opiates for over three months. Does it cause pain if I stop?
Worried about geting a general anesthesia to get teeth pulled. What can I do?
is it okay to be smoking before general anesthesia?
General or local anesthesia. Which is better?
Does a breathing tube down your throat breathe for you? What does it do exactly?
Will I do weird stuff while on general anesthesia?
Are there any tricks for making an iv stick easier on me?
Distil cold-pressed hexane free castor oil-- can this castor oil from aloe vera company be used to treat dry skin?
"I took 7 hydrocodone 6 hours ago and am still high, is that normal?"
How can I stop a hydrocodone itch?
Diarrhea and stomach burning/upset and don't know why. How can I find out?
How long does a solution of hydrocodone and water remain effective?
What can I use to put me to sleep overnight fastest?
Say you took 20mg of hydro vs 2mg xanax at 7pm. which one will make me fall asleep by 9pm for the whole night?
How much hydrocodone is too much and could do serious harm?
"I think I mixed pills with alcohol, I feel sick. Could this be fatal?"
What tips can you offer for me to stay clean from weed?
Can you take small doses of hydrocodone with klonopin?
Do I have to take medicine if it's needed for wisdom teeth?
Is it safe to take 2 5mg hydrocodones with an advil liquid gel together?
What would happen if I drank alcohol while taking a pescription?
Is 20-2000mg of hydrocodone-acetaminophen okay to take together?
What does hydroco and acetamin do to you?
After I pee it begins to burn. What does this sound like?
Should I see an osteopath if I have lower-to-mid back problems?
Can you still gain muscle effectively if you have to take medication? Could it interfere with your goals?
Why was I prescribed lortab (hydrocodone-acetaminophen) after getting my gallbladder removed?
What are the treatments for opioid-induced hyperalgesia?
Reasons for spontaneous respiration to occur during a procedure?
Can iv sedation be given by someone other than an anesthesiolgist?
Emt vs paramedic: what is the big difference between the two?
Why would someone suddenly start coughing under heavy sedation?
Will psychiatrists ever prescribe ketamine? Why or why not?
"I need help, my depression is getting severe. What do you recommend?"
Is treating depression by snorting ketamine a bad idea? What could happen?
Have drugs and a bad diet made made impotent at 23 or is it just psychological?
Is mixing ketamine and mdma safe to do?
What is the thing docs give you to bite down on when in pain?
Is it true that lidocaine prevents capsaicin cream from working?
I had a tooth extracted but was given no antibiotics. Should I take some anyway or do I really not need it?
Very scared about my upcoming abortion. What can I expect?
Does the foreskin if the penis develop along with the penis?
Getting five teeth pulled out tomorrow. How long would that take?
What do you suggest I do to drain fluid from my ear?
Does it hurt very much to drill into a wisdom tooth?
How to tell if I am healing properly after my wisdom teeth removal?
"Pain in right thumb, sharp and at the tip. What should I do?"
I'm going to be having surgery in a month for malignant hyperthermia. How can I prepare?
"I'm reading on propofol and it being safe to use during surgery, is this true?"
How many steroid injections for arthritis in the knee can a person have within a year before consideration of a knee replacement?
What should I tell my dr. so that I can get the suboxone tablets instead of the films?
How do the docs at a hospital deal with a heroin addict?
"My roommate took 15 percocets, what should I do?"
Can I get narcotics for getting my wisdom teeth out?
"I'm 18, and showing signs of alzheimer's. How is this possible?"
"Can't get a decent night's sleep, what do you recommend?"
My doctor said I have endometriosis. What is this and what can I expect moving forward?
Is it possible for someone to pass out but still start breathing on their own?
My 3 year old son has grade 4 tonsils.. osa- sleep apnea. & surgery is tmrw. What can we expect for him?
What can I expect from a follow up with an orthopedic?
How early can I get a non narcotic pain medications refilled?
I woke up with my back itching badly and over my body as well. What can cause this reaction?
Good narcotic pain medications for stomach pain?
What is tramadol pain meds? Where can I get it?
What to do if the new bottle of oxycodone is less effective?
Do all narcotic pain medications cause nausea as a side effect?
My hydrocodone for chronic back pain was stolen. Is there any way to get some until I can get my refill?
"Oxyneo/oxycontin for around-the-clock, ms*ir morphine for breakthrough - is this a safe combination?"
The last two months I have been experiancing sever sharp pains in my butt cheeks and legs/siatica.. What helps for this?
"Am taking naproxen for sciatica twice a day, can I take percocet for the pain in the evening as well?"
What are the illnesses that cause ataxia and hyperreflexia?
What are some possible side effects of norco?
How much stronger is 30mg of oxycodone than 10.325mg of norco?
"I do not like taking prescription pain meds such as vicodin, norco, or oxycontin. What can I do?"
Is it safe for me to take norco for menstrual cramps?
Taking morphine ir 15mg for 5 days but going back to norco 10/325mg. Is this okay?
Can I take norco 5/325 a week after an adult tonsilectomy?
"I've run out of my prescription lortab, and I do have norco 5/325 left from a previous doctor visit. Okay to take this instead?"
Terrible sinus headache won't go away. What do you suggest?
What exactly does adhd medicine do?
What are possible side effects of raspberry ketones?
How exactly can a chemical imbalance cause mental illness?
I have schizophrenia. How can a chemical imbalance cause my symptoms?
Any adderall/riatlin alternatives out there?
Anything for add that I can use that is not prescribed?
Will luvox help my with my depression?
"I had my hormones tested and have a hormonal imbalance, what does that mean?"
"What are the effects of lack of nutrition on the physical, intellectual, and social development of a child?"
Can anyone explain the neurochemical process of a bipolar mood swing?
Does depression hinder teen's abiility to focus in school?
What would happen if you combined effexor and ecstasy?
I got a tooth pulled on the very back bottom at about 3:30. After how long until I can take the gauze out. ?
Does getting a tooth pulled hurt if you don't use anesthesia?
What's it like to get a filling. Is it a weird sensation?
"Will docs give me anything besides novocain, like something to make me relax more?"
Does root canal surgery hurt without anesthesia?
Does it if you are hurt  and getting cavities fixed!?
I have two cavaties: one on my bottom right k9 and one on my top left molar. i'm scared to get them fixed. Will it be painful?
Had a filling today and another next month. The numbing epinephrine makes me shake/sweaty and doesn't work. What can I do?
Is getting a cavity filled very painful?
Is it okay to be sleeping right after wisdom tooth extraction?
Are iv needles really painful?
My anxiety in general and my social anxiety disorder is not responding to any meds! What to do?
"After taking methodone, is it okay to take other opiates the same day?"
I feel suicidal but I know I cannot do it. Who can I talk to about this?
What tips do you have to ween myself off of vicodin?
Why do opiates make you feel itchy? Is this normal?
Quick home remedies for cramps?
What are the symptoms / warning signs of opiate abuse?
What is pain management? Who specializes in this?
"Prescribed vicodin es(7.5/500) and vicodin (10/325), can I take them together?"
"I was diagnosed with scoliosis, what should I do now?"
Is it normal to use lidocaine and prilocaine cream for getting blood taken?
I had arrythmia recently. Is it something that will leave or always stay?
What are symptoms of angle closure glaucoma?
Is there a connection between kidney stones and hydronephrosis!?
What anesthetia is used in an apendicectomy?
Should I consult an anesthesiologist for colonoscopy or no sedation?
"Possible hiatal hernia, how can I tell if it is or not?"
What is it like to have an endoscopy?
What happens at the oral dentist when they give you an iv drip? What is it used for?
Is it weirdd that i'm looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth taken out?
Not impacted wisdom teeth removal. How long would it take to recover?
Does chemo lead to back pain?
What is the difference between hydrogen and oxygen in codone pain pills?
What is the differance between oxycodone and oxycontin?
"Is oxycodone actually roxicet, but just called two different names?"
Oxycodone made me nauseous. I might throw up. Is this a normal reaction?
Is hydromorphone 8mg > 30 mg oxycodone? Orally< which medication is more effective?
Oxycodone and roxycodone. Is there a difference?
Possible passionflower supplements side effects?
"What sedative, once taken, makes you feel like you're underwater?"
Doctor refuses to send me to urologist for erectile dysfunction. Could I still go see one?
What are good protein/vitamin/nutrient rich things to eat before strenuous activity at high altitude?
How to prep for a colonoscopy?
Colonoscopy: what can I expect?
I am having a detox from drinking and need some advice?
What normally happens when you get your wisdom teeth taken out?
"I get extremely anxious before exams and other important events and I cant sleep, what can I do to sleep?"
Im just losing the will to live day after day..how can I get help?
How long after wisdom teeth surgery before I can smoke again?
First off iv never used any kind of drugs or alcohol but I seem to be immune to pain pills?
How do I get over my inability to sleep at night?
Is it possible that I have an allergic reaction to the dentist's numbing medicine?
Are there traces of heroin in hydrocodon?
How to get rid of depression due to being deceived by someone very close?
"I struggle a lot with depression, any ideas on how to overcome?"
Canker sore on the throat and got prescribed magic mouthwash - is this something serious?
Any side effects to lower lumbar nerve blocks?
Where can I get help with opiate addiction?
"I'm 19yo, female and have been taking endone for severe back pain. possibly getting nerve blocking - what to do?"
How long does a steroid nerve block last?
Does acupuncture help for pain and what is it like?
"Who can treat chronic, severe neck pain with neurological complications!?"
Can a nerve block help cure my pain from phn?
What does it feel like when going under with iv sedation?
What comes first the mri or the epidural injection?
Does anesthesiology use chemistry? Or is it more focused in biology?
Can an oral/maxillofacial surgeon also be a practicing anesthesiologist?
What to do if I have benzocaine and birth control reaction?
I have a sore throat. What can I do?
Are there any meds that would show up as cocaine?
Best treatment to heal scars on mucous membrane in mouth?
How can I get rid of a sour throat?
When does your hearing usually come back from an ear infection?
Is general anesthetic used for wisdom tooth extraction?
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow. I'm scared of going and there isn't much point. Help?
"Sore, scratch, bump, something on the inside of my mouth. What does this sound like?"
How exactly does a lidocaine patch work?
Migraine help: what should I do?
Is it normal to experience dizziness after a seizure?
Could past spinal trauma be causing my ms like symptoms?
What type of surgery would a person with a severe concussion require?
How long can a lumbar puncture/ spinal tap headache last?
Endoscopy later this week. Very scared. What can you tell me?
Will painkillers still work if you take them before the pain occurs?
Why won't my gum stop bleeding and hurting all the time?
I have never done cocaine in my life but just came up positive for cocaine. Can it be absorbed through skin or something?
I have nine cavities. Will the gum shot hurt when getting them filled in?
"At the dentist, what is the partially sweet substance they swab on your gums to numb it before giving the shot?"
What do you recommend for really bad hemorrhoids?
Is it okay for me to use an oral topical anesthetic gel on my hemorrhoids?
Why is it important for patients to fill out a full medical history form before seeing the dentist?
Why do doctors need to know about how much we smoke and drink?
How long would it take to get 7 cavities filled?
Tips on how to cure a burnt tongue?
Can't eat properly because of braces! What should I do?
"My tooth hurts when growing back, how can I alleviate this?"
What can be used to get rid of a mouth full of canker sores?
What could these painful bump(s) on my tongue be?
Can you tell me about pain level in having all teeth extracted for dentures?
"Tooth pain months after a filling, can't see dentist until later. What can I do in the meantime?"
How long do mouth ulcers last if left alone?
Broken permanent bottom retainer. What should I do?
What causes these spots at back of tongue and mouth?
What are breast biopsies for?
Nervous about my breast biopsy help what should I do?
What happens during a breast biopsy?
If I have pain in my left breast armpit and around to my shoulder blade. Could it be breast cancer?
Blood on tissue when breast biopsy is done. Does this mean anything?
What are some pill names for breast enlargement?
Do breast enlargement pills actually work? Is there any evidence?
Can you find breast enlargement pills in any pharmacy?
Can my wife get a breast enlargement to eliminate the need for lolly pop or anchor scars?
Common side effects of steroids?
"Pueraria mirifica, which brand to buy that is trusted?"
Do fenugreek pills really work for breast growth?
How bad can the side effects of haldol get?
I am overweight. Is it a good idea to not eat anything until I lose weight?
What do hyperintense signals in breast mri mean?
Is it possible to get breast cancer even if you don't feel a lump?
What are the risks involved with foreskin restoration?
When is the best time of the year to have breast reconstruction?
Does physical therapy work on scar tissue even after breast reconstruction?
Is there anything practical I can do to help my aunt who has breast cancer?
I am fixing to go get a breast reduction and was wondering if it will also help me lose weight as well?
How can I go down a cup size without surgery?
First time birth control pill user. What can I expect?
I thnk I may have breast cancer. How can I get tested?
What questions do I ask the doctor about my 10 month old girl having a benign hemangioma vascular breast tumor?
I feel a lump on the right side of my left breast. What should I do?
Possible reasons for random breast soreness?
"What is the meaning of multifocal ductal carcinoma in situ, left breast and right subdural hematoma?"
"Second chemo treatment, what can I expect?"
Is the number of people in the US with breast cancer increasing or decreasing?
What causes breast lumps and microcalcifications?
Special view mammogram requested after first mammogram a week ago. What is this for?
I had my first mammogram and they called me back for an ultrasound. What could be the reason?
Are women with big boobs more likely to get breast cancer than women with medium or small ones?
Is it normal to have a lump on your nipple that's not cancer?
Have fibrocystic breast disease. ultrasound shows 1cm well circumscribed breast nodule and doc wants biopsy? Normal procedure?
How do breast lumps form?
Benign cyst in breast. what should I do? Leave it or remove it?
"What can cause a peeling, leaking nipple?"
What are the positives and negatives of birth control?
I have a strange bump inside my breast. How do I get it checked out?
My mother has stage 3 breast cancer. Could she still battle it?
What are the latest treatments and/or cures for breast cancer?
What are some non invasive and nonchemo cancer treatments I can try?
Can really high doses of vitamin c cure cancer?
What are the two significant but different treatments for breast cancer?
How quickly can transaminases rise after a night of moderate alcohol consumption?
Is breast cancer hereditary?
My grandma passed away from breast cancer a few years ago and my mum said it is hereditary. Is this true?
Breast cancer runs in my family and im paranoid about it. what are the symptoms that I should be aware of?
Vitamin e increasing breast size. Is this possible or is it something else?
Are there exercises that can help increase breast size?
Which birth control pill increases your breast size?
Wondering if there is any way to increase breast size besides surgery?
"Bust-29.5, waist-27, hip-34.3. What can I do to increase breast size?"
Does bustoblex really work for breast enlargement?
What are the risks of intraductal papilloma/fibroadenoma breast surgery?
Will my inverted nipples be corrected if I have a baby?
Can you fix inverted nipples using a breast pump?
I think I have inverted nipples. Will this cause any problems?
What causes inverted nipples in women?
"My sister, 17 years old. her nipple is inverted (since birth) and the other one's not. Is it normal or not?"
Are sport bra's always supportive bras?
I had a lumpectomy and the dr said I needed to wear supportive bras. Are yoga bras or sport bras supportive?
Why would I be scheduled for a three-hour biopsy?
If the breast lump is very small.. can it be easily treated if caught right away?
Had a lumpectomy 2 days ago now i'm burned badly from the surgical tape. What do you advise?
My mom has stage 2 breast cancer and I'm extremely depressed. How can I deal with this?
Are there any benefits to circumcision?
Is it possible that I have male breast cancer?
Do men need a mammogram in cases of male breast cancer?
How would breast cancer in men be discovered?
What are signs of male breast cancer?
What could cause left nipple pain in males?
Is it normal to have 3 mammograms in one year?
Should I be consulting a physician before any new exercise routine?
What could cilateral vascular calcification seen on mammogram mean?
Should I be worried about breast pain if I'm a guy?
"Im a 23 yr olg female virgin getting married soon, when should I start taking birth control?"
What is mastalgia and mastodynia? Are they related?
What is the strongest painkiller for pain after having a double mastectomy?
Ho do people get their boobs removed?
I was diagnosed with inflammatory breast carcinoma and the path report indicates poorly differeriated invasive. Meaning?
"My breasts are swollen, really painful and hard like rock. I was crying out of pain. Should I go to the ER?"
I'm still running low grade fever after 2 weeks. What's going on?
What would cause my breast to produce thick white and forest green substances?
How do I have mastitis? What could have caused this?
Is e. coli possibly a fatal disease?
The left side of my left boob is sore and tender to touch. What could this be?
What are the negatives of mastopexy surgery?
Do cancer patients die of pain?
What are probable causes for these hot flushes?
"My grandma has metastatic breast cancer in her ribs & spine, she keeps getting these hot flushes. Causes?"
Do you need a lot of strength to go through chemo sessions?
How can someone survive cancer 8 times?
How can metastatic breast cancer progress?
Malignant neoplasm of the breast which spread to the lung. The lung cancer is what type?
What happens if you have cancer in the bones?
What' can nipple cream be used for?
So many people have been telling me to get nipple cream. What does it do?
My cousin had a pregnancy determination 15 days ago but 4 days earlier she started experiencing brown discharge?
"Discharge after sex until today it's been 4 days and she has nipple discharge, what does that mean?"
Breast milk even when not pregnant and never been?
What is this tiny ammount of liquid coming out of my nipple?
How to tell what breast lumps look/feel like?
"I don't know if all women's breasts feel like mine, but mine are extremely lumpy inside and has always been. Is this normal?"
Nipple inverts on one breast when it gets cold. Should I be worried?
"Breast pain, possible lump, scared. What should I do?"
Do you get inverted nipples during puberty?
What can I do to correct inverted/flat nipples?
Why are my nipples inverted? Is that bad?
"I know everyone has a different tolerance for pain, but what's main feeling when getting a nipple piercing?"
How can I get rid of man boobs and puffy nipples?
Is smoking marijuana after surgery with incision in mouth okay to do?
"When I was 20 I was in a bad car wreck, I have these ugly scars. What can I do to remove them?"
Sprained my ankle earlier. Advice?
How to deal with loss of smell and taste from afrin nasal spray?
Why do you need to strengthen the knee before getting acl reconstructive surgery?
How long would be too long for an all liquid diet?
What is involved in the removal of ruptured breast implants?
Breast pain 6 months after having baby but only breastfed for 2 days. Normal?
My breasts are saggy and big and I'm very self conscious. If I lose weight will they firm up?
What are some techniques to firm/lift my breasts?
How to stop my breast from sagging besides wearing a bra?
Is it bad to wear a bra when going to bed?
What can I do to prevent sagging breast?
What is velodex used for for cancer patients?
My mother is refusing further chemo treatment. What can happen?
I have stage 3 breast cancer I am taking chemo to shrink the mass but I do not want my breast removed?
"The mass has shrunk, so do I still have to have a lumpectomy?"
Can anyone recommend any good steroids that builds muscle and fat burners that are legal for working out?
"Uneven breasts/big areolas, is it possible to fix?"
"I'm getting breast implants in a couple of weeks, can anyone tell me the steps they put you through when you go to the office?"
"When woman has a plastic breast surgery and few years later she gets pregnant, can she still breast feed the baby?"
Guy I dated gave me an std. What should I do now?
Could my breast surgeon lower one breast that he admitted to placing too high in his office & without using anesthesia?
I want to know about the treatment of fibroadenoma without surgery?
Who can I consult to get a preventative double mastectomy?
How can I get a second opinion on lump in breast?
How to get help for someone I know who is a drug addict?
Is there a possibility I have breast cancer? How do I find out?
What can I expect if I've been diagnosed/treated for breast carcinoma in situ?
Why is there a lumpy ball inside my nipple? What could this be?
What are the signs that I could have breast cancer?
How does lymphedema usually begin?
What are the first signs and symptoms of leg lymphedema?
Should I get surgery for lymphedema if I want to be a dancer in the near future?
Could I use diuretic supplement to shed 15lbs quickly to wiegh in and get this job overseas?
How can filaria be cure? Is there any permanent solution for this?
Do you have any exercise tips and advice for someone who is overweight?
Possible breast abscess. How to tell?
Is it normal for a breast lump to be noticeable but flat?
How can I convince my bipolar mother that she should have a breast lump checked out?
Do montgomery glands (bumps on areola) fall off? Mine fell and bled i'm scared?
I have a pimple like thing on my areola. What is this?
Should I ask a doctor about these red lumps on my breast?
What could these bumps on my nipples be?
I have these tiny pimples on my nipple. Should I be worried?
Gaseous in lower abdomen and vaginal discharge. What does this mean?
White discharge and breast pain. What could be wrong?
Why is there breast pain during ovulation?
I'm considering taking female growth hormones for male breast enlargement. What do I need to know?
What are the best treatments available for gynecomastia?
Am suffering from the gynecomastia. I am 24 years male. Are there any other treatment available for gynecomastia?
"Gynecomastia, male breast problems, what can I do?"
How to treat teenage gynecomastia?
Is gynecomastia only around the nipple?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder. What should I do?
Are there any side effects of being alone all the time?
How can I get rid of the physical signs of anxiety/depression?
Tips on how to tone outer thighs?
What disease does my mom because she always twitches a lot?
What are the effects of stopping concerta without weaning off ?
What are the effects of stopping concerta cold turkey?
4th day into dieting and I already want to binge eat so badly! What do I do?
Need help dealing with school stress. What tips do you have?
Is it healthy to binge eat once a day if its the only meal you can have?
What can I do if I feel like binge eating?
Will I have to gain weight to get my period back? Is being too skinny a problem?
What could cause a teenage girl to be infertile and have no periods?
My period is 2 weeks late and I dont know why. What should I do?
I purge immediately after supper. I don't binge. is this anorexia or bulimia?
Can you lose weight from being bulimic?
I try not to eat but when I do I over-eat so then I throw it up. How can I stop this?
How can I prevent my cut from becoming a scar?
Do bruises or undeep wounds tend to become scars?
Repressed memories and child molestation. How can I overcome this?
Who can I call/talk to if I know I was sexually abused as a child?
I don't know how to handle feelings about child molestation now that my daughter is almost 10. What should I do?
Are there supplements that can help with the brain when having a communication disorder?
Can a brain tumor lead to mental illness?
What is oppositional defiant disorder?
"Are psychopaths, born or made? Is it a combination of both?"
What is anti-social personality disorder? How is it treated?
What sort of psychological disorder or drug addiction/withdrawal leads to unreasonable anger in people?
Frustration handling issues - poor anger management when emotional frustration gets too much to handle. What can I do?
I'm really worried about whether to tell my psychiatrist that I'm gay?
What is the likelihood of developing epilepsy after having a concussion?
My anger management has gone downhill of late. How can I get better?
Is child abuse a causative factor for domestic violence? What are your thoughts?
What are signs of someone who has an eating disorder?
Why can't I eat without feeling sick? What is wrong with me?
I desperately want to lose weight but I dont want to have an eating disorder. What do you recommend?
What are the most common symptoms of celiacs disease?
Is there a certain age limit you have to be when you get celiacs?
"Do I still have hope, or am I done growing at age 19?"
What are possible long term effects of malnourishment during childhood?
Should I go to work when I have pertussis?
Are children safe on their own if they have a parent who has destructive narcissism?
What are the symptoms of puberty in girls?
Is it a myth that drinking cows milk increase breast size in adolescents development?
How to tell if this is body dysmorphic disorder?
I heard someone say they have BDD. What is that?
What to do to get past body dysmorphic disorder?
Is there more to bipolar than just experiencing highs and lows?
How to tell if I am becoming an anorexic?
Is it possible to have body dysmorphic disorder and also be obese?
I'm always tired and weak and I never have any energy. What can I do to get more energy?
Is circumcision right for boys ?
I've been having panic attacks ever since third grade. Is there any way to overcome this?
"Got into a fight with my mom. I never touched her, but she hit me in my tummy. It's been hurting for a while. What could it be?"
"If you're living in an abusive home and you suffer from a lot of psychological problems as a result, how should you get out of it?"
Possible causes of my insomnia?
What is it called when you have a strong connection to a certain time period and place?
How does the assessment work to determine if a client is appropriate for counseling services?
Is it possible for me to become a nurse if I had a previous mental illness?
"Being so skinny made me stop eating and I got anorexia nervosa. I need to gain weight, what can I do?"
How can I fully recovering from anorexia nervosa?
Taking quetiapine for depression & borderline personality disorder. What are possible side effects?
What should I do if I am feeling really homesick?
How can I tell if I just had a panic attack?
Separation anxiety from my fiance. What can I do to overcome this?
What are the symptoms of sleep seizures?
Can drinking just once cause a miscarriage?
I think I have bipolar disorder. Advice on what I should do?
What could happen if you drink vodka during early pregnancy?
I saw my rapist today. What can I do to get rid of all these traumatic flashbacks?
I hate attention and tend to shy away from it. I witnessed domestic abuse at a young age. Is it my age or depression?
What is PTSD?
Unsure how to get help or what help is available for me. Suspected mental health issues. Thoughts?
Elderly people complaining and cranky - is it a syndrome?
Could you offer some depression advice please?
How can I quit paxil cold turkey?
What are signs of depression in teenagers?
What is the best thing to do when anxiety and restlessness leads to insomnia?
Why am I getting shortness of breath after drinking water really fast?
My life is getting better but i'm still not happy. What am I missing?
What are normal symptoms for anxiety disorder?
What are some uncommon symptoms of depression?
My mom has ocd and anxiety and it's making me really depressed. What can I do?
Will starving help you lose weight or is this a bad idea?
Is it true that those with adhd often have more autistic traits than folks without adhd?
What are some weight loss tips and low impact cardio exercises for someone who is just a bit overweight?
Melatonin side affects?
What are the effects of prolonged sleep deprivation?
Is adderall only for people who have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder?
Are all people with adhd usually very slim?
How to distinguish between ssi and ssd?
Can you develop autism as late as your teen years?
What are the symptoms for autism? Do they vary?
How to tell if its autism or adhd symptoms?
What is dyspraxia and how is it treated?
Are the symptoms of bipolar and autism similar?
Why might a speech language pathologist not work with a patient with autism spectrum disorder?
What could cause random mood swings?
What do I do if I might be suffering from autism spectrum disorder?
What are the symptoms of autism spectrum disorder for adults?
"Not able to showing affection, is this some sort of condition?"
What can cause my 12 year old son to go so long without having a bowel movement?
What do you do when you've tried to get anorexia/self harm treatment but nobody will help you?
What is a natural alternative to adderall?
Should I quit taking adderall if I'm having negative side effects?
How can I stop constant sweaty palms?
"My boyfriend stopped taking zoloft and since then he ejaculates prematurely, is this a normal side effect?"
Does adderall make you irritable a sa side effect?
I am depressed and losing cognitive skills. What do you recommend?
I need help dealing with my add/adhd. Who can I talk to?
What add/adhd medicine do you usually prescribe based on experience?
My doctor only prescribed me 2.5mg of focalin once a day. Is this supposed to be a placebo effect or what?
Are stimulants good for someone with poor working memory?
Why is adderall prescribed in bigger doses than focalin? Is focalin stronger?
In the middle of college and adderall stopped working. What are my options?
Is there a difference between focalin xr and adderall xr?
Whats the difference between dosage? Focalin 15 mg compared to adderall 15. What's the differences between the effects?
I think I may have add/adhd. What should I do?
Can narcolepsy get worse as you age?
What happens if somebody who doesnt have adhd tries ritalin?
Is it okay to take ritalin and sinutab at the same time?
"Need to free up my head congestion, but need to study and want to take a ritalin as well. Can I take ritalin and sinutab together?"
What tips do you have to encourage someone with a mental disorder to take their medication?
How to tell if I have stopped growing?
Is there anything I can do about stunted height due to medication?
Can concerta be causing anger/irritability/crying?
Can strattera be more effective than ritalin for people with adhd?
Does taking concerta kill brain cells?
Is it safe to mix strattera after I take 5-hour energy?
Is it okay to take vyvanse for fibromyalgia?
How to get adderall without a prescription?
Can I get adderall online with a prescription?
What can I eat or do to enhance the effectiveness of my vyvanse 60mg medication?
I can't sleep after taking vyvanse. What should I do?
How long after taking an excessive amount of a drug with no reaction can you assume you're okay?
Is it okay to give my 6 year old son adderall xr 5 mg. for his adhd?
Is there a way to really know if I have adhd?
I been taking adderall xr 25mg an I got a new job so a drug a test. Will I pass?
"I have been spacy, aloof, & feel like im on autopilot for my whole life. What does this sound like?"
Is it possible for bipolar disorder to be mistaken for adhd?
What do you recommend to stop sensory overloads?
How do I tell my parents I might have bipolar disorder?
Does a parent have the right to refuse to get their child mental health treatment?
Pulling out hair and eating it. Is this a sickness?
How can I help deal with dermatillomania?
"I have complusions, such as when I'm tyding up i'll start counting for no reason. What is this?"
Cant keep my hands still. Is this trichotillomania related?
How can I stop my bad habit of pulling my hair out?
Is picking at your fingers a form of self harm?
Who do so many people bite at their cuticles?
How to treat rapid cycling bipolar?
What are the signs and symptoms of bi-polarism?
How can I self-diagnose my inattentive add?
What does depression actually mean and how does it affect a person's health?
What are the different kinds of depression?
"Just diagnosed with add, what can I expect moving forward?"
How to tell what form of aspergers I have?
Is there a correlation between adhd and brilliance?
Loss of period long after recovery of anorexia nervosa. How to recover it?
I feel like there's something mentally wrong with me. What can I do?
Are there any alternatives to metoclopramide and omeprazole?
I hate hugging my sister because repressed memories of incest. How can I get over this?
What are the most common symptoms associated with fwp?
Are hemrrhoids considered to be an std?
Is it normal for people with depression to struggle with change and have difficulty adapting?
What are common signs of a compulsive liar?
What are the similarities and differences between asperger's syndrome and classic autism?
What can I do to get my motivation back?
Can anxiety disorder lead to learning difficulties?
Is it possible to get delayed shock even months after an event?
Feeling sad and depressed over my issues. How can I get over this?
Can people 'grow out' of autisim?
Dyslexia mostly with writing but sometimes reading and talking. What is the best treatment for this?
Can being shaken as a baby cause mental illnesses?
How are learning disorders diagnosed?
I'm 20. I'm suffering with low self esteem and dependent personality disorder. What are my options?
How can I help my best friend who was abused for as a child?
I have been having nightmares every single night for months. Reasons?
How can I ween myself off metroprolol 50mg 3x/day?
"Can't forget about my nightmare, what should I do?"
Why would I have phantom pregnancy after having tube tied?
Is bipolar disorder usually misdiagnosed?
What are the symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder?
Is there an alternative for anger management?
What do you suggest for someone who is pregnant with severe anxiety and agoraphobia?
Lately i've been eating my own hair. Is this a pica thing?
"When you love eating dirt,sand,dust,and rock like.stuff.that's in the wall, what is it called?"
Does everyone who has a distorted body image have an eating disorder?
I keep wanting to eat chalk! What is wrong with me?
I can't stop eating toilet paper. What should I do?
Is this considered to be a eating disorder? I keep watching to eat dirt.
"I've just had this insane craving for ice, which I know is pica, right?"
Does having pica harming my body?
Will having pica affect my growth?
What are the signs of someone with an iron deficiency?
What are the possible signs of low iron?
"Flu-like symptoms and fever for over 2 weeks, what to do?"
My girlfriend has been very depressed and I want to know what I can do to make her normal again?
Having a really bad trouble sleeping so I feel like crap in the morning. What can I do?
How to deal with random breakouts on my face?
Can low self esteem cause break outs?
Who can I talk to about my chronic depression problem?
Looking to transition to alternative medicine for anxiety. What should I tell my doc?
Whole family mental health problems! Could mine be hereditary?
How can I get help for social anxiety disorder?
I think I might have dermatillomania. What should I do?
"I need advice, I don't know what to do anymore about my bipolar symptoms?"
What are situations someone that would cause a person to feel depressed and anxiety stricken? Could a therapis do that?
My memory sooo horrible and can't do well at school. What can I do?
How can I explain schizophrenia to my counselor?
Can seroquel be used for children?
Child with ptsd- what should they avoid?
How can I deal with my 5th grader who has temper tantrums over everything?
"My dad has borderline personality disorder, how can I get him help?"
Is intuniv or kapvay effective in treating adhd in both children and adults?
What are valium or xanax usually prescribed for?
What is intuniv prescribed for?
I can't fall asleep and I'm really depressed. Do you have any suggestions?
I have really bad ocd and depression. What are good treatments?
What is asd (autism spectrum disorder) and how can it be treated?
How can I tell if I am possibly suffering from undiagnosed asperger's syndrome?
"What is the difference between ""PDD"" and ""ADD"" in pre-schoolers?"
So the psychiatrist told us our son does not have add but has pdd. What does that mean?
How many disorders does dsm-iv-tr list under the category for pervasive developmental disorders (pdds)?
What two pervasive developmental disorders occur most commonly in males?
Is angleman syndrome a type of psychological disease?
Is there a cure for children with mild development issues?
How common is high functioning autism in the US?
I tried using baking soda to whiten teeth but nothing happened. Does this work?
"Tooth whitening used to work for me, now it doesn't anymore. What is happening?"
I rubbed lemon juice on my teeth twice this week to whiten them. Is that a good idea?
Any good tooth whitening toothpaste you can recommend that does the job?
How do you whiten your teeth if you are wearing braces?
I want white teeth when my braces come off. Is it bad that I drink coffee?
Will my teeth whiten or will bad hygiene in the past mean they're stained forever?
How can you whiten your teeth from home?
I don't eat a lot of junk food. I read somewhere that you can use toothpaste for pimples but what kind?
Why were my teeth glowing in uv light? Is this normal?
How can I get the smell out of retainers?
Are acrylic orthodontic retainers safe to use?
Do acrylic retainers -used after braces are off- release any sort of toxic chemicals?
Is it normal to have a watery mouth when using a tongue thrust appliance?
"I have the spikey tongue thrust appliance, but my mouth is watering all the time. Is it usual?"
What can I expect during wisdom teeth removal?
"Very watery diarrhea every few hours and no other symptoms, what could be wrong?"
How long should you wait to eat after having fillings?
How long can a filling last in a tooth?
Can I chew gum if I just got a filling?
"My gums are a lot darker on some parts, what could this be?"
What do they put in your tooth when you get a root canal?
"When they perform a root canal, is there any of the silver amalgam filling placed in the tooth?"
Is mercury in dental amalgam safe to use?
How healthy or unhealthy is it to pan-fry food together with different types of oil?
How to relieve pressure in molar teeth after filling?
Are the tooth sealents dentists use neurotoxic?
"I had bruxism yrs ago. It may have stopped, but not entirely sure. then, it started back. What should I do?"
I grind my teeth in my sleep every night. Is there anything to prevent this?
How to tell if it's bruxism pain or root canal?
Which braces are recommended for an open bite?
Tooth grinding problem! Who do I need to talk to?
Has a permanent cure for bruxism been discovered yet?
Braces or cosmetic dentistry? Which is is simpler?
Do I get braces or is it cheaper to get cosmetic dentistry and fix the gap?
How can I stop waking up with a dry mouth every day?
What to do to get rid of dry mouth?
"Got sleep after being sleep deprived, now I feel funny. Is this normal?"
Can a really high blood sugar level make your teeth hurt?
"Had 1 liter of coke today and now all my teeth hurt, I can't even eat. It happened before, when I ate a lot of sugar. Is this bad?"
How to tell if someone is having Paxil withdrawal symptoms?
How long would it usually take to fit two dental implants on the upper jaw bone?
I lost my two front teeth and need dental implants. How long would the procedure take?
What are common causes of red inflamed gums?
"I have really unattractive teeth, what cosmetic treatment should I consider?"
How can O get rid of yellow-y teeth!?
Is there anything I can do about my discoloured tooth?
Top gum/jaw causing me problems. What should I do?
How should I wear a mouthguard in my mouth?
Is there some kind of all day mouthguard that I can wear around all day?
Will a night guard help with my tmj symptoms?
I am biting my tongue in my sleep. I wear a mouthguard but hasn't helped lately. What should I do?
"When I bite my tongue, it is less painfull with the mouthguard in. How do I stop this habit comepletely?"
What is the effect of oral health on children?
Do oral health problems affect children differently than adolescents and adults?
Why exactly are you not supposed to drink with a straw after a tooth extraction?
When can I eat solid food after teeth extraction?
Is it true that fluoride in water reducing sperm count and making people in general more docile?
Any tips on having better breath and better dental hygiene besides the normal tips?
Abscess still there after antibiotics. What should I do?
Can a pulpectomy be performed from the side of a tooth instead of drilling through the crown?
Should I go to school after having a root canal?
Hate my dental crown. Is there a way to fix this?
Pus coming out after root canal. Is this worrisome?
What could I do to getbusted teeth fixed up?
I am 29 weeks pregnant and I have been getting exces saliva in my mouth and it just makes me throw up its so disgusting?
Will a blood test be able to detect hormonal imbalances?
"Blood test have detected any hormonal imbalances, or should I get a saliva test?"
What does it mean if I take out clear liquidy fluid after unprotected sex (female)?
Could the really strong mint tea I drank this morning be making me produce this salty saliva?
Painful to swallow my own saliva and when I drink. What is going on?
Can I use glass inomer for filling teeth for a 3 year old child?
What do these black lines in the grooves of my molars signify?
I got a hole in my teeth. Is this what a cavity is?
Any legitimate reason for dental offices to insist on coming in every 6 months and getting an xray?
Why is sodium fluoride still used in toothpaste?
Could you get cavities by not brushing your teeth for a month?
How do I get rid of stains that are in a hole in my teeth?
Brand new dental bonding chipped. How can I get this replaced?
Can teeth whitening used with hydrogen peroxide damage a veneer?
Can I rinse my mouth with oxygen peroxide if I just got composite veneers?
What are good whitening toothpastes?
"If I'm missing half of my front tooth, would bonding work to fix this?"
Bump on inside if bottom lip. Is this herpes?
I get the urge to chomp down when brushing my teeth. How do I get over this?
See saw smacked my front tooth and half of it is gone. What will the dentist do?
I'm getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning. What can I expect?
"My mouth keeps watering, but I assume it's from my palate expander. Could it be from something else?"
Why do certain people snore and some don't?
Where can I get a palate-less impression tray to reduce gagging?
What can I do to stop sleep talk and snoring?
Will a palate expander still be needed if wisdom teeth are pulled out?
Will I be able to cancel an orthodontic treatment?
Tonsils are killing me! I want to cry. What can I do for this?
My 19 year old boyfriend woke up to dark spots (blood) in his drool on his pillow. What could be wrong?
What does a swollen gum and white patches inside lips indicate?
I keep getting mini ulcers on my tongue and they hurt so much. I cant ea't anything. Any ideas or any ways to ease the pain?
Can I take ibuprofen 4 hours after I taking aleve?
"If I stopped brushing my teeth and they got healthier, should I start brushing them again or not?"
"My filling is getting darker and darker, how much darker is it going to get?"
I have a small cavity and i'm about to get it filled. What can I expect?
Tips on how to pick a good dentist?
I have had untreated cavities for a while. Will I be okay if I wait a bit more?
Cavity filling fell out. What should I do now?
Cant stand going to dr's office due to the long wait. What can I do?
How to tell if my tooth is breaking?
Is there any way to disguise dental fluorosis?
Any temporary ways to hide a couple dark fluorosis stains on my front teeth?
What are good treatments for bleeding and painful gums?
What is the best treatment for dental fluorosis?
Yellow mark on front tooth. What can be done?
Chances of my teeth turning brown after using crest prohealth?
What do you think of this fluoride conspiracy? Anything to support it?
My 7 year old daughter has strong white patches in her 2 front teeth which are the permanent teeth. Should I be worried?
I swallowed 5000ppm toothpaste. Is that bad?
What could be the reason behind this crackling noise in my jaw?
Do your teeth constantly shift?
Have jaw pain when chewing. What can I do to alleviate the pain?
What condition is normally mistaken for tmj?
I have a lisp because of my tmj splint. How do I get rid of this?
Please help me deal with my acne problem?
What are good ways that can I prevent pimples?
I want to prevent pimples and acne. How can I do that?
How to get rid of pimples in a short time?
Using many acne products but none seem to work. What can I do now?
"I have acne, are there any doctor recommended products that actually work?"
What do I need to know about impacted tooth exposure surgery?
What is the cure for red and swollen gums?
Are dental x-rays for children safe?
What is the thing placed in my mouth after I get 2 bicuspids pulled out?
What if I lose an adult upper (2nd) molar? Would it cause other issues?
What can I do to get strong enough teeth so they never fell off or break?
Is it okay to use mouthwash with invisalign?
"When getting fitted for dentures, what can I do to not gag?"
"I got upper dentures this past summer, is it common to hate having them on?"
I have 5 year old dentures that i've never worn. Are they still safe to use?
"I think I popped a blood clot, should I be worried?"
Why is it important to resume a normal diet right after teeth extraction?
Under what circumstances can fluoride compounds destroy the thyroid gland?
"Are there aluminum free toothpaste? If so, what are they called?"
What are the toxic effects of fluoride on dental tissue?
What is the optimum ratio/percentage of fluoride in water?
"I've had a recurring sinus infection, coupled with severe tooth pain. Possibly need a root canal?"
Sensitive tooth after semi-permanent filling. Is this normal?
Is it true that baking powder can lighten teeth naturally?
I heard people back in the day that used baking soda to whiten their teeth. Does this work?
Is toothpaste without fluoride bad or useless?
"I used to use fluoride toothpaste, but it made my stomach upset it so what are some alternatives?"
Is it possible to remineralize teeth?
Tingling after wisdom teeth removal. Normal?
What are some apartame free gums?
Why do I get chest pain whenever I chew gum?
Can h-plyori cause mucus in the throat?
Is chewing gum good for your metabolism?
Is chewing gum or eating fruit okay when I'm craving sweets?
Tips on getting rid of bad breath?
"When we have our breakfast after brushing our teeth in the morning, can we still have bad breath?"
"I brush 6 times a day - usually after I eat something, is this bad?"
Sudden brown patches on the sides of tongue. Possible causes?
How to keep a fresh breath without gum/mouth wash?
How to figure out why I often have bad breath?
"My teacher has really bad breath, and it makes me feel sick and I have to work with her all the time. What should I do?"
"Weird taste in mouth when hungry, what could this be?"
I believe I may have a deviated septum. How can I tell?
Why do I have pressure in my ears if I've remained in the same altitude?
Can you have a sinus infection without stuffy/runny noses?
A headache that feels like brain freeze. What should I do?
Two days in a row i've got this pain at the front on my skull. Forehead feels like I've got brain freeze. Is that normal?
Difference between viral sinusitis and bacterial sinusitis?
Sinuses blocked and backing up. What can I use for relief?
Is it normal to be sensitive to light when you have a sinus infection?
"What could cause my constant, random dizziness?"
Max sinus due to deviated septum and concha bullosa. I also have facial pain. Infected?
What could be a cause for lower jaw pain? What can I do?
"Can hiatus hernia or gerd give you chest-pain arm, neck as well as jaw pains?"
"Severe, chronic neck pain with neurological problems. Where can I get help?"
Jaw pain discomfort on right side. What does this sound like?
"Sensitive teeth, could this have been preventable?"
Is it normal for my teeth to be sensitive while wearing braces?
I have an aching tooth and need advice. No insurance so what can I do?
Doctor told to remove my wisdom tooth. Will this cause any side effect or problem in future?
What are things I can do after a wisdom tooth removal?
Is it okay to cut a 600mg ibuprofen prescription in half?
Can a wisdom tooth lead to achy body and nausea?
Deep cavity causing discomfort. Is there any way to fix this without fillings?
How can I prevent further tooth decay?
Are composite fillings noticable when smiling?
How deep are dentists usually allowed to drill a tooth for a filling?
"Ouch! tooth has sharp pain on bite after spot filling, why is this happening?"
How long should my tooth and jaw hurt after getting a filling?
How do dentists treat a superficial cavity?
My dentist said I need to have root canal done. Why would this be needed?
I'm nervous for dental filling. Can you calm my worries?
What to expect if I've never had a dental filling before?
How to deal with nerve pain after dental filling?
Is it safe to remove a tooth even though the gum is swelling?
Can I eat after getting a dental filling?
"I had a dental filling an hour ago and my mouth is still numb, how long before I can eat?"
Is it possible to get a dental filling to support broken tooth that already has a big filling?
How to deal with tooth pain after root canal?
"Hi all, I just had a root canal and everytime I bite down my tooth hurts so bad. Is this to be expected?"
"What does it mean to have a dental implant ""fail""?"
Horrible problems with a recent dental procedure. What do you recommend?
Flipper not fitting after implants. What should I do?
Is it possible to have instant dental implant without extraction?
Does instant dental implant also require an extraction?
"If I get a dental implant and decide for no aparrent reason to take it off, will the gum tissue repair by itself?"
Is it safe to have dental xrays while pregnant?
"White spot on dental xray, what does this signify?"
How many americans are affected by duchenne muscular dystrophy? Is this common?
What is the differences between a ventilato and a non-invasive ventilator?
What is a non-invasive ventilator?
What procedures does a dmd perform?
What is the difference between a dds and a dmd?
What is the life expectancy for someone with duchenne muscular dystrophy?
A friend said he had some dental work done by a dmd not a dds. What does a dmd do?
How should I protect my blood clot cause I really don't want a dry socket?
When can I stop worrying about getting a dry socket after extraction?
How to tell if I have a dry socket?
Had a lower front tooth extraction and it won't stop bleeding. Help?
Don't want to go to sleep because it just keeps bleeding. Will I get dry socket?
How painful is getting a root canal?
How long will a temporary filling last?
How long does it take to get rid of gingivitis?
Could using listerine eliminate food urges?
"If you're on a diet and trying to significantly limit food, could using mouth wash a few times a day work?"
My front right adult tooth feels slightly loose. Should I be worried?
What can be done to restore my original gum line!?
Can using cold water relieve toothache?
My tooth is sensitive to heat. What could be wrong with it?
The gum behind my molar tooth is swollen and hurts! What to do?
I dont have wisdom teeth yet and the teeth before my wisdom teeth are still growing. Is this normal?
Is it possible to get a decayed pulp even if you have a filling?
Does a deep cavity always lead to irreversible pulpitis?
Is it okay to numb my teeth before I get invisalign off?
I lost my retainer. How can I get a new one?
What are the alternatives to fixing a gap without braces?
Can I get invisalign if I still have 10 baby teeth?
Will a temp filling prevent me from getting invisalign?
"Which is better, invisalign or braces?"
I am getting braces while in college and I'm nervous. Any advice?
Could you get hiv from sharing a dropper of a sub lingual solution from an HIV+ person?
"I have a nonremovable retainer, how can I clean it?"
How can I make a tooth with no nerves white?
Can I get meth mouth from using vyvanse?
Is it a good idea to be brushing teeth after smoking meth?
What can be used instead of rubbing alcohol for piercings?
Is it possible to buy an orthodontal mint wax from a drug store?
I need partial dentures. Who should I consult?
Getting front teeth implants. What should I expect?
My teeth have all fallen out but the roots are still there. Can I get the roots extracted and get dentures?
What's best root canal or extraction for someone about to remove partial on front tooth?
Are there any safe mouth guards for false teeth?
Is teeth pulling related to anxiety.?
What is the maximum time that I should wait before fixing a bridge?
My husband found a loose tooth 9 weeks after periodontal surgery. What should he do?
Why do skulls have teeth? Why can we still see them after death?
"I may have some kind of oral infection or abscess, how can I find out?"
Is running/jogging or exersize in general good enough f you have periodontal disease?
My tooth feels loose band I can't eat What could be wrong?
Is there any home remedy for teeth grinding besides a mouth guard?
I dont like to sleep with mouth guard. Are there any simple home medicines for a mouth guard?
How long will a rough spot/chip on tooth take to smooth out.?
How long does a tooth take to smooth out after it's had some wear and tear?
Could I have chronic headaches because of a freak accident when I was younger?
How would I convince my dentist that I need braces now that my teeth are hurting me when I sleep?
Tooth grinding problem. What are the solutions?
Helps please! My teeth makes noises in sleep! What is this?
"Im afraid my teeth will chip and break from my grinding, should I be worried?"
My teeth make noises when I sleep. Why does this happen?
Tooth extraction: how long does it take to fully heal?
What to use to clean infected wisdom tooth extraction site?
Can I eat sunflower seeds before getting my wisdom tooth extraction?
How long would I need to have orthodontic spacers for?
Differences between a general dental assistant and an orthodontic assistant?
Is it okay for me to eat without my bite plane?
Which is better: clear ceramic braces or metal braces?
Are my bottom retainers supposed to be this tight? I still have space above my teeth?
"Orthos, can midline be use fe corrected with braces?"
Do I have tmj disorder? Whta are the symptoms?
What is the most difficult bite type tof TMJ o fix?
My dentists are annoying. Can I ask them to refer me to somebody else?
I'm having braces problems. Who can I talk to if my orthodontist is busy?
When did you start seeing changes in teeth when you had braces?
How long does a person have to wear braces?
Slight crowded teeth. Does this mean I need braces?
How to tell if I have marfan syndrome?
I have overbite and crowded teeth. What can fix this?
I'm going to the orthodontist soon to get braces.What to expect?
Will getting my premolars removed straighten out my teeth naturally?
Should I get a root canal or should I extract it?
"Should I get a root canal with crown lengthening and a crown, or just extract the molar? Which one is faster?"
"Crown lengthening, build-up. Can I get a temporary crown on the same day ?"
I think I have dental abscess . What are the signs?
Still sick from an dental abscess. What do you suggest?
How can I relieve my tooth abscess?
How can I help treat an abscessed tooth?
I have a bump on the inside of my gum. What could this be?
Are dental abscess treatments painful to get?
What should I expect before and after dental abscess treatment?
How to tell the difference between a  dental abscess or sinusitis?
"For those that have dealt with sleep apnea, what tips do you have?"
How can sleep apnea affect your life?
"Sleep apnea and tonsil removal, is there a correlation?"
How can sleep apnea be cured?
How do I stop my teeth grinding without using a night guard?
Trying to find my healthy weight. What do you recommend?
How effective is the snorerx brand stop-snoring mouthpiece for (obstructive) sleep apnea?
What are the alternatives to cpap machine?
"Ct found lesion on my liver, mri shows nothing. Which is accurate?"
Is it ok to smoke cigarette if I'm having a toothache?
"How can I heal my cavity, naturally at home?"
What looks like dental caries but are not dental caries?
Throat infection not clearing. What should I do?
I recently started to have erection problems. Could my bad teeth be the actual reason of this issue?
Does drinking tea really help you burn fat?
Does green tea actually help you lose weight?
Are there any health benefits of green tea?
I love green tea and honey. Wondering what the actual health benefits are?
What is a strong pain reliever I can find OTC?
What is the goal of mental health facilities for their patients?
What type of pain reliever would you recommend for tooth ache?
Tooth infection dental pain. What to take for this?
"Sudden pain on my left teeth, what should I do?"
Excruciating tooth pain! Help what could it be?
Tips on how to deal with dental pain?
Getting wisdom teeth (all under gums) cut out. What to expect?
Would getting a chin implant make my overbite look better?
"I have chipped my front tooth, should I go to an emergency dentist since my dentist's office is closed or wait?"
Is sodium fluoride in drinking water dangerous?
How to remove the brown stains after braces?
"I am really self conscious about my discoloured tooth, what can I do?"
"My tooth crown has wrong shade of white. It's quite glaring, is there any way to fix this?"
"What are the differences between a dislocated, fractured, and broken jaw?"
My jaw is sore and making a popping noise. This is not the first time. What should I do?
Jaw hurts and everytime I open it it pops and feels wierd. Do I have tmj or dislocated jaw?
Can you have so little bone left that prevents you from wearing dentures?
I have had a swollen gum and it suddenly started bleeding. What can I do to stop the bleeding?
Should I get a gingivectomy to make my teeth look better?
Wondering what the symptoms of gingivitis are?
What is the name of that surgery to treat gum disease?
Are there any dental surgical procedures to cure overflowing gums?
How do you treat overgrown gums in children?
Been vomiting and getting sick with other symptoms off and on the last two months. What is wrong with me?
Not eating for a while. Have no appetite. What should I do?
Is it safe to use hydrogen peroxide for gingivitis treatment?
Sudden excruciating gum pain. Possible problems?
How do dentists cure gingivitis?
I have to go to get gingivoplasty and was wondering what can I expect?
What can I drink/take to ease the pain in my mouth?
What is the difference between hsv-1 and hsv-2?
Back braces are coming out. What should I do?
My braces are making my gums bleed. Is this normal?
Need urgent recovery from eating disorder. What do you suggest I do?
Gingivitis and my teeth need deep cleaning. Where can I go?
Will a dentist be able to fix a loose tooth?
My gums been randomly bleeding. What could be the cause?
I get pleasure from making my gums bleed. What is wrong with me?
I brush my teeth so hard and my gums start bleeding. I can't stop myself. Help?
Can chewing tobacco a couple of times a day be bad for you? How?
"Will stopping chewing tobacco reduce the risk of cancer, gum disease, and rotting teeth?"
How can I stop my top teeth from shifting forward?
"If you get a root canal, is it still possible to get gingivitis?"
"Can you get ""hairy tongue"" from smoking as a teenager?"
Can I get black hairy tongue by whitening my teeth with hydrogen peroxide?
Why is the top layer of my tongue white? What can I do for this?
"Symptoms are nausea, vomiting, cramps, top of tongue is turning black, vomit has acid in it, stool is black?"
"I need to get my widom teeth removed, and i'm nervous. How do they numb your senses?"
"I have two impacted wisdom teeth, should I get them removed or is it okay to keep them?"
My left wisdom tooth went back in my gums. Why?
My teeth became sensitive after sucking on a lemon. Why does this happen?
Does chewing a pack of gum each day affect your teeth negatively?
After evening meal I have increased saliva. Is this normal?
What signs do people show before they are about to vomit?
My breath smells really bad in the morning. How can I prevent this?
White patches inside the mouth. What does this indicate?
What are the symptoms of oral cancer?
I have got a lump on my inner lips. Possible symptom of oral cancer?
Lip blisters and herpes. Is this oral cancer?
Does baking soda really work for teeth whitening or is it a myth?
What should I do to prevent infections on my gums?
How did you get rid of lice with home remedies?
Should I add water in an alcohol-free mouthwash or is it better undiluted?
What are the symptoms of oral thrush?
Swollen gums after I got my braces off. Is this normal?
Best way to get rid of canker sores?
"I get canker sores all the time and they stay for really long periods of time, how can I make it less painful?"
Planning to get tonsil surgery tommorow. How can I stop pain in throat temporarily?
How to get rid or relieve mouth ulcers?
I have been getting really bad mouth ulcers and they are really painful! Any ideas on how to get rid of them and relieve the pain?
How to deal with tmj after already having braces for over 3 years and physical therapy?
Can I wear retainers to straighten my teeth?
Difference between traditional vs functional orthodontics?
Which one is worse amalocclusion or an occlusion?
What are class 3 elastics for braces for?
What are isual causes for metallic taste in mouth aside from symptom of medication?
"How to deal with Benzo withdrawal (xanax, klonopin,ativan, valium, etc..)?"
I have been diagnosed with trichamonus. What can I expect?
Weird taste in my mouth when I get startled?
Metronidazole makes me very tired. Normal or not?
Why do I randomly get a metallic taste in mouth when I feel very hungry?
"Wheezing and hard to breathe sometimes, slightly metallic taste in mouth too. What is this?"
Really weird metal taste in the back of my throat. Possible causes?
My teeth are pretty messed up and I have an abscess too. Embarassed to go see dentist?
Why would my dentist put me a dental bridge when I don't have missing teeth?
Should the midpoints of my top and bottom teeth supposed to line up with one another?
For what reasons would my permanent teeth be pulled?
Would smoke still affect you if you just inhale and not swallow?
Is it possible to get cancer after chewing tobacco for just 6 months?
Which is worse: cigarrete smoking or pipe smoking?
I'm going to quit dipping tobacco but is it too late to prevent mouth cancer?
"Smoking or chewing tobacco, which one is more harmful?"
What causes me to have an allergy to only certain fruits?
Is it possible to be allergic to peanut butter and not boiled peanuts?
How to tell if I'm allergic to mayo?
At different times in the past 2 weeks the area around my mouth itches really bad. Why is that?
Very slight trouble breathing. Is this anything to worry about?
Various fruits make my mouth itch. Possible allergy?
"Yesterday my boyfriend gave me oral sex w/ a cold sore, could I get genital herpes?"
Why does my mouth tingle when I eat citrus? Is this normal?
Help I want to quit smoking. What do you suggest?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
Sore inside mouth tingling roof of mouth and tingling tongue. What does this indicate?
Is 600 mg of ibuprofen every 4 hours recommended for toothaches?
What does it feel like to be put on laughing gas?
First cavity filled tomorrow. I'm kinda nervous actually. Does the novocain hurt?
How can I get rid of a canker sores on my upper gums?
My tongue is irritated and sore and I've dipped for a while but I quit. Could it be my mouth adjusting to the normal state?
Can removing your tonsils completely cure tonsillitis?
Would a change in your tongue's color indicate oral cancer?
"Can smokeless tobacco cause oral cancer? If so, how?"
Can you live a long life after getting cured of cancer or are there still risks?
Effects of chewing tobacco compared to smoking?
I am a 19 year old female last week I felt a lump in my jaw line inside mouth. Really worried. What could this be?
How long does it usually take to get new retainers?
I feel like my face changes shape everday. What could cause this?
How often should you brush and floss if you have braces?
What are some different ways to straighten your teeth?
How can you get straight teeth without the use of braces?
I have 11 separators in my teeth. How can I brush my teeth?
"I'm starting to develop acute gum diseases and I'm overweight, is there a connection?"
Could your gum come apart from your mouth?
Is there a way to move your upper lip back more if it's too low?
Braces in mouth have been unchecked for 6 months. would taking them off without having retainers be bad?
Can the orthodontist widen my jaw even though I'm 20?
How to tell if I am getting my wisdom teeth in?
How long do you have to wear retainers for after braces?
I'm getting my teeth pulled tommorow. How can I prepare?
Could I get rapid smiles instead of braces if I have an overbite?
Could my teeth move back after taking twin blocks off?
How can I tell the difference between oral herpes and canker sores?
Is it possible for your teeth to just fall out of your mouth?
What do you recommend for reducing/eliminating periodontal infection/disease?
Can amoxicillin be used to treat gum disease?
I have a loose adult tooth. Is it periodontitus or a cause of my retainer and natural tooth alignment?
How to tell if it's gingivitis or periodontitis?
Two small white spots on gums. What could they be?
Can too much dental floss cause damage on gums?
Was informed that I have gum disease and require scalings and root planning. What can I expect?
Scared I may have cancer? How do I get it checked out?
Is there any way to get the white spots off your teeth after getting braces off?
I use to brush my teeth constantly and I would have white teeth but I stopped. Will starting again get it back to where it was?
Toothache and left side of face in extreme pain! What can I do for this?
How long does it normally take a nerve to die after a pulpotomy?
What can I expect when going in for a root canal?
Can scope mouthwash give a gum-like residue after you rinse with it?
I have a dislocated/locked jaw and my teeth hurt. What do you suggest?
How to tell if it's a wisdom tooth growing in or abscess?
I think I have tmj syndrome? How do I get tested?
Could my pulsing toothache be from cavity or something else?
Can I floss using a sewing needle?
Can another adult tooth grow in place of an old one?
Can you recommend a super soft tooth brush for sensitive teeth?
Which is better the diamond clean sonicare or the healthy white sonicare?
"Today when I brushed my teeth, my gums were bleeding. What should I do?"
Help I have got sensitive teeth. How can I make them more durable?
Gums bleed when I brush every time. How to stop this?
How long can I leave a broken tooth in my mouth before it gets risky?
How can sharks constantly have new teeth growing but humans can't?
What can be done about gaps in your teeth?
My teeth are really tiny and I have lots of gaps. Will braces pull on my teeth a bit to bring out my teeth more to make them appear larger?
Why do my teeth look smaller with braces on?
Is there any way to make teeth grow faster?
I'm getting my braces off soon but I don't think they're completely straight. What should I do?
What are the symptoms of having low iron in your blood?
How can I get rid of these weird bumps on my tongue?
What are symptoms of someone with anemia?
What is safe to eat after wisdom teeth extraction?
What is the surgery like to extract a supernumerary tooth? Long? Painful?
Curious about first dental appointment. What to expect?
How to deal with plaque/tartar on retainer?
Why did it ache a little when I got my front teeth filled if it's not my gums?
Do teeth cleanings generally hurt?
"All I have to do to keep my gums healthy is to floss, brush and mouthwash daily?"
Reading on the internet I might need to get teeth cleaned every 3 month. I thought it was 6?
"I had an abscess and the dentist cleaned my teeth, which was the one that should've hurt the most?"
How am I supposed to brush my teeth after a wisdom tooth extraction?
My front teeth are sore but not loose. What could be wrong?
Teeth do not feel aligned after wisdom teeth extraction. Is this normal?
What does it mean when you sleep but your jaw gets clenched unconsciously while you sleep?
How to prevent teeth clenching with braces?
Toothache that only occurs when I put pressure on my teeth?
How to deal with sharp pains inside ear?
Been using crest white strips too much and I'm worried they might be bad for my teeth?
How to whiten teeth even with some bonding?
Are there any good teeth bleaching kit I can buy?
How well does baking soda & peroxide work when compared to dentist bleaching?
Why are my teeth going more yellow even though I brush?
I don't smoke and I only have tea or coffee every once in a while. My teeth are turning yellow. Help?
What are the doxycycline hyclate side effects?
Correlation between lymecycline and sun sensitivity?
How can I get rid of teeth discoloration without empyting the bank?
Will crest whitestripes totally erase my tooth discoloration?
What are common actos side effects?
Is it bad that I'm eating one meal a day?
When are the stitches removed after a tooth extraction?
Should just get the molar pulled and let the third molar and wisdom tooth fill in the space?
My teeth hurt when I eat sweets and stuff like that. Is it cavities?
"Why would it hurt when the dentist took away the decay( or the tartar, that black stuff inside your teeth) on my two front teeth?"
Downer front teeth is really loose and other problems. What should I do?
What is the amount of hydroxyapatite in teeth that accounts for its brittleness?
How do you whiten your teeth without brushing them?
What can the hospital do for me if I go to the ER with extreme tooth pain?
How can I relieve wisdom teeth pain?
Side of my jaw is throbbing. What is the best thing to help with tooth pain?
I have braces and my gums on my roof are swollen. What should I do?
Most common way to get rid of flaws and yellow teeth?
"My bite is off and I can't feel my teeth, what should I do?"
My teeth hurt on the left side. I brush my teeth a lot and use mouth wash about twice-three times a day. should I go to the dentist?
Is mouth wash a good alternative for brushing the teeth?
"Just had tooth extracted, how do I tell if its infected?"
How does dental floss and dental tape differ?
"My gum is infected, how can I cure it?"
Waterpik vs dental floss? Which is better?
Is there an easy way to floss if you have braces?
I'm finding it impossible to floss my teeth with braces on. Do you have any tips?
Tips on how to pul out my son's loose tooth?
What happens if I am too scared to go to the dentist for a long time?
Teeth feel weird after flossing for the first time?
Should a dentist or an orthodontist perform my orthodontic work?
What do dentists do to remove dental plaque?
Does chewing gum after eating help to buildup of dental plaque?
What is the easiest way to describe gingivitis/periodontal disease to a person?
Can I use chlorhexidine oral rinse for gingivitis?
"When you take xanax, how is it supposed to make you feel?"
I can see a white line on the tooth and I'm assuming thats my dentin. Should I be worried?
Is it okay to keep dentin on your tooth exposed?
Simple ways and tricks to get white teeth and how to manage?
Could anything bad happen if you ate toothpaste?
What can I do to refit/reshape a night brace for grinding teeth?
What causes grinding teeth and twitching while asleep?
How I fix my locked jaw problem?
What are the negative effects of using ecstasy/molly once?
"I want to try molly once in my life, but I'm afraid of the side effects. What does it do?"
What to do/who to talk to about this dental problem? I've been grinding my teeth?
What to do about gum pain around tooth?
What to do about gum pain between teeth?
Help with wisdom tooth gum pain?
Only get gum pain when opening mouth. Why?
Tooth and gum pain with braces on. What should I do?
I can't stop biting my back teeth and it is making my mouth and jaw sore. Ideas how to stop?
Scared I might have TMJ. What should I do?
Just curious.. do they have to measure your teeth to get a retainer?
How often should I use hydrogen peroxide as a mouthwash to prevent disease?
How can I get rid of my sickness voice?
Why do I have bad breath even after brushing and how can I cure it?
Bad breath on tongue. What is a better way to clean it without brushing?
What is functional orthodontic?s Should I ask my orthodontist about it?
"Invisalign broke in two, what should I do?"
Would functional orthodontics be able to move a developing teenager's jaw forward?
I need to have mandibular advancement surgery. Is it too late to consider a functional orthodontist?
"Can ""functional orthodontics"" be a better option instead of getting a mandibular advancement surgury?"
If you use listerene and brush your teeth with colgate all the time. What can cause inflammation on the gums?
"Whai is this hard small lump on gum that wont go away, had it for 2 months? Possible abscess?"
How can I prevent my gums from receding?
I can feel a piece of tooth at the back of jaw. Is this my wisdom tooth coming out?
What is the normal recovery time for a labial frenectomy?
I have a defect in my jaw from having my wisdom teeth removed. Is there a solution for this?
Do I have to have an anesthesia injection to have a tooth out?
Does bicarbinate soda work for white teeth?
I just got my tooth extracted. How long before I can get a dental implant?
I have had a nasal drip from my left nasal passage steadily (though with dry periods) over the last several days. How to stop this?
Can mucocele inside the lower lip be cancerous?
A bump inside my bottom lip. What is it?
Advice about wisdom teeth removal and mucocele?
Painless blister formed this morning. Does this sound like a mucocele and does the white skin mean that it's healing?
What is this air pocket/bubble inside my mouth on gums/cheek?
Can I exercise right after getting my mucocele removed?
"Popped bubble in mouth, then a second one appeared. What's going on?"
What is this white bump inside my lower lip?
Help! i've has a horrible papercut-like cut in the center of my bottom lip that wont heal! What should I do?
Inside of lip shedding skin after prolonged contact with tcp antisceptic. Why does this happen?
How can I get rid of and prevent sores & cuts in my mouth?
Is it possible to cure a lost voice in a night?
"How do you know you have a sleeping disorder, or are on your way to getting one?"
What form/dosage of b12 should I take daily?
Low body temperature. What should I do?
How can I reduce eye and cheek swelling?
When will the swelling in my cheeks go down after my wisdom tooth extraction?
I got my wisdom teeth pulled about a month ago and my left cheek is still slightly swollen! Why is this?
"Sharp pain in the side of head, tooth ache, jaw pain, ear ache and I've got a cold. Should I still see a dentist?"
Does salt and warm water help clean a tongue piercing infection?
Can having the flu lead to bad taste?
If you remove an 8 hour old tongue ring out will it bleed and hurt worse?
Milk teeth not falling out. Should I be worried for my 14 year old?
How can I set right a highly erupted canine tooth?
How to remove your dentures if you've used to much fixodent?
How are dentures put on? Is the process painful?
My husband chipped his tooth when he was a kid and the fixed part fell out. What should we do?
How do I maintain my weight loss after having orthognathic surgery?
How can I get an open bite fixed?
What do you think the ultimate medical kit should be comprised of?
My tooth hurts when I suck in air. What does this mean?
Last night I noticed that when I suck in air my top front tooth (just one) hurts. What could be wrong?
Can I go to the er for a really painful wisdom tooth?
Best way to numb tooth pain from an abscessed tooth?
Wisdom tooth impacted or infected. What do you suggest?
Is your tongue suppose to hurt when having cold sores?
Throat and tongue pain after running. What could be wrong?
What would hurt more a tongue or tragus piercing?
Can/will a dentist also do fillings for cavaties at the same time as wisdom tooth extraction surgery?
2 days after wisdom tooth extraction and I still can't chew anything. Is this normal?
Is it okay to start an exercise program before wisdom teeth extraction?
Drank water a 1hr before wisdom teeth extraction. Will I be okay?
"I had some juice before wisdom teeth extraction a hr before, will I be okay?"
I had a wisdom tooth removed and now submandibular salivary gland is swollen. Is this normal?
"After the symptoms of mumps go away, how long do you remain contagious?"
Are you still able to pass on the virus (mumps) after all visible symptoms have faded (such as swelled salivary glands)?
Salivary gland swelling on both sides. What could cause this?
I always need to swallow whether if i'm just sitting down or talking to someone. How can I stop this habit?
What does it mean if lumps appear on your neck?
Mass on mandible below chin. What could this be?
My salivary gland constantly swells up for no apparent reason?
Is it possible to transmit herpes simplex virus 1 to your partner during oral sex if you don't have the symptoms?
How to stop recurring cold sores?
How do you contract the herpes virus?
"If someone has a cold sore, does that mean they have some form of herpes?"
How many different types of herpes are there & how are they related?
Can I get herpes from masturbating in the shower?
What could this slimy white coating on my tongue be? I've seen a specialist and I was told its not cancer?
How to get rid of constant sores in your mouth?
Suggest ways to get rid of a mouth sore?
"I have a cut from biting my cheek and it won't go away, what home remedy could I use?"
Allergic reaction to latex condom. What are my options?
Are mouth sores/ulcers hiv related?
What do you recommend to use to crush up a pill?
How long does it take to recover after jaw surgery?
What are the risks of getting your tongue pierced?
I ended a relationship yesterday and i've began throwing up and I can't even keep down water. What is wrong with me?
Cracks on my tongue. What does this mean? Am I okay?
Is it true that dichlorvos is dangerous / poisonous?
"Mouth kind of stinks, besides brushing my teeth, can I also brush my tongue?"
I have a crack straight down the middle and a couple more on the side of my tongue. What is going on?
Is it possible to fix a recessive chin?
Underbite or overbite. How do I know for sure?
Why is my jaw bone visible only from the left side of my face? What kind of bite might I have?
Does wearing braces hurt the whole time?
Can braces make a lisp go away?
On my tongue there's a big bunp and red and small other ones. What could this be?
Can using hydrogen peroxide as mouthwash be harmful?
How much does smoking every once in a while affect your fitness?
"I noticed after eating salt and vinegar chips, a small crack in my tongue. Will it go away on its own?"
Best way to get rid of a stuffy nose?
How can I get my taste buds back after being sick for a week?
"Tooth abscess is begining to form, what should I do to stop it early?"
Can a tooth abscess cause permanant swelling and damage to face?
Are tooth abscesses hard to touch?
Can a tooth abscess be enough reason to go the ER?
I've had a dental/tooth abscess for 6 years. How do I get rid of this once and for all?
Small bump on my gum about 2 weeks after wisdom tooth removal. Is this an infection?
"Tooth abscess and a swollen jaw, how long until antibiotics work?"
Do teeth whiteners work on fillings?
Scared. I think I have an abscess. What should I do right away?
Tooth abscess and gum abscess? Could one have caused the other?
What happens it I don't treat a gum abscess right away?
How long can you leave a gum abscess before it gets serious?
"Don't know if I can go to the dentist or not, if it is a gum abscess. How long can I leave it?"
How safe is it to lance a gum abscess by yourself?
Do I have to get my tooth extracted after a gum abscess?
Does it hurt to remove a gum abscess? What would I need if I wanted to do it myself?
Is a dental bridge safe to put next to an implant?
Will getting my dental bridge be very painful?
What are the steps involved for dental bridges?
Sunken cheek due to tooth extraction. Advice?
Can a dental bridge be fixed without spending a lot of money?
How can I get rid of super chapped lips permanently?
"Yellow solid substance coming out of my parotid gland, is this normal?"
Really bad open cut on my gums. How do I go about healing this?
Symptoms of strep throat if you don't have tonsils?
"If most dentists recommend soft toothbrushes for us, then why are medium and hard toothbrushes even on sale?"
Is it bad to be using a vibrator?
What mosquito/flea disease can cause jaw tightness?
"Upper jaw tightness/pressure, not enough to take pain meds or anything. What's causing it?"
What could have caused jaw tightness after eating?
Mouth ulcer has gone really sore! Remedies?
Are there any natural cures to reverse receding gums?
Is there any way to replace bone loss on your mouth?
Why is my jaw and teeth still hurting 8 months after removing all of my wisdom teeth?
I drank from bottle of someone who has acne/pimples in mouth. Could I have gotten it now?
Stuck tooth wont come out. What do you recommend to loosen it up?
How to get rid of and prevent tongue and mouth ulcers?
What's the best thing for ulcers? Salt water or medicated creams/gels such as bonjela?
Can a sinus infection delay your period?
What are the chances of the depo shot failing?
Is there a difference between an emotional breakdown and depression?
How to improve fertility without surgery?
What do you recommend to solve low sperm count problem?
What are reasons for reduced sperm count in male?
Is there any research conducted into whether marijuana affects fertility?
Had a hard hit on a the testicles. Could that cause a male fertility issue?
Recent semen analysis test result showed that I have 0-5% motility. What does that mean?
What type of activities/exercises that can help improve male fertility?
How much is too much blood to lose if you're having a miscarriage?
Been bleeding for 3 weeks after iud insertion. What should I do to make it stop?
Periods restarting after an erpc (aka d&c). Normal?
"A little over a month agp, I've been having ovarian cyst/false pregnancy symptoms. What should I do?"
Is it possible for a doctor to find out if your period was actually a miscarriage after the fact?
Are there any tests somebody can run to check if it was a miscarriage or just a false pregnancy test?
"Dizziness, mild twitches, upper back soreness. Could these be pregnancy symptoms already?"
How can I help my friend with pcos?
Will I still be able to get pregnant if I have polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos)?
Simple plan ideas to get motivaged to start exercising?
What is the minimum age you have to be to be able to donate your eggs?
What is Klinefelters syndrome? How is it treated nowadays?
Is acupuncture for infertility problem a viable option for males?
What is the ovamid pill used for? Is it only used for infertility or it does have other uses?
Will my ovarian cyst go away on it's own after a while?
"Can you tell me about polycystic ovary syndrome as well as, types of fertility drugs that work?"
I have polycistic ovarian syndrome. How can this be treated?
Severe pelvic & stomach pain with period. What can I take for this?
Is stress the reason I can't get pregnant again? Could it really cause infertility?
Can you have a baby through surrogate if you are a fragile x carrier?
Is it possible that drinking gatorade can cause infertility?
Can stress cause you to have more dandruff?
Diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome. What do I do now?
Pcos testing: what to expect when going in?
"Had an ultrasound 5 days before my period is due & it said there was ""no free fluid in my pouch douglas."" What does that mean?"
At what ages is it most common for women to get pcos ?
"My dad says wearing ankle high socks will damage my fertility, is he serious?"
Is it normal to have cysts on your ovaries but not have pcos?
Desperately want to have kids one day and I know pcos can affect fertility. Can the cysts be anything to be concerned about?
Can sperm last inside a vagina more than 3 days?
Will taking contraceptive pills affect my fertility in the future?
What kind of doctor are specialists in treating hpv?
My bf has hpv warts on his penis area..we want to get it treated. Who should he talk to?
Does semen's consistency suggest the level of potency too?
Do you have any tips on trying to conceive for the 1st time?
I haven't had my period in 8 months. What could it be?
What can I do to increase my libido?
Can an eating disorder lead to infertility problems?
"Does masturbation 4 times a day and everyday since I was a kid until now, 26 years old, dramatically reduce sperm count?"
Due to mastubration my semen count is very lacking and my height stop increasing. What should I do now to cure?
Who would you see to get a sperm analysis?
How can I trigger my period in order to start clomid?
Abdominal pain since yesterday. What should I do?
Thin uterus lining. Is there anything I can do about this?
I been getting white mucos down in my area. What could be causing this?
My wife has health issues and artificial insemination is our only option. Is there a less expensive way?
Is it possible that a woman gets pregnent without being involved in sex?
Is bareback sex in marriage safe nowadays?
Are there any risks to having sex if I'm on my period?
Why is sperm always so warm?
Where can I buy female fertility products? Do I need a prescription?
Does chlamydia make you infertile?
Does being underweight affect my fertility?
Why would cause period cramps but still no period?
"Pelvic pain, low progesterone levels, ovarian cysts, what is wrong with me?"
How to know if im infertile or not? What are the test?
I have always had periods when I'm on cerazette does this mean I ovulate?
What are the odds of me having kids after 4 loads of chemo?
"If I go to a doctor's appointment to see if i'm fertile, will they tell me the results the same day?"
Would it be strange to ask my doctor to run some fertility tests out of the blue?
What should I do to have my fertility health checked?
What is polycystic ovarian syndrome? How do women get it?
Who can I talk to for help for depression?
Small white dot on penis. Herpes?
Is this std? How do I find out?
I hv small white pimple like things under my penis head skin (glans). How do I find out what it is?
My boyfriend's penis has some small pimple-like around the back of his penis head. Is this a sign of herpes?
Is okay to take metformin or birth control for pcos?
I'm a girl and I have too much testosterone. Is there any way to lower this?
"Suffering from hirsutism, acne, irregular periods. How can I get these issues treated?"
How can I slow down the hair growth on my face so I don't have to shave (female)?
"If there are no visible (by ultrasound) cysts on your ovaries, can I still have PCOS?"
Testosterone level (total) 282.73 ng/dl. Is this considered low or normal?
My family doctor is a man and I am really embarrassed to tell him that I am hairy. So what should I tell him and how?
I am constantly stressed out over like every little thing! How can I stop being so stressed all the time?
Pea sized lump in armpit. How do I remove this?
Is it possible to shorten my period length?
Will human growth hormone actually increase my height?
Can soy milk cause cancer and breasts in men?
Is it okay to take hrt after a total hysterectomy due to cancer?
Is there any other options other than taking hormone to replace therapy drugs?
What is hrt? How is it given after the setting of menopause?
Can you still get toned/exercised when you're on spironolactone?
Treatments for prostate cancer with bone metastasis?
What determines your elegibility to get an oopherectomy?
What is hormone therapy for?
"In the summer my mother had an ultrasound and it showed she had a fibroid, the doctor asked her to do another. Why?"
I don't have an urge to masturbate. Is there something wrong with my sex drive?
What could I have done to give myself an aggressive tumour in my chest?
Can you get cancer after undergoing hormonal treatment?
Is lupron the last resort for prostate cancer?
"My girlfriends overdosed on birth control pills, what is happening?"
What is the point of doing sonograms on women who aren't pregnant?
Is it possible to be diagnosed with ovarian cancer in your 20s?
Can the depo shot make me feel this ill after so long being on it? What should I do?
What could be causing me to spot bleed all the time?
Is it normal to get hot flashes during menopause? What do hot flashes feel like?
I smoked weed and I was in the emergency room 24 hours later because I was extremly dizzy and numb. What should I do?
"Left inguinal ligament pain, is this hydrosalpinx or iud?"
Can a right sided hydrosalpinx have any affecton the appendix?
Is it true that hyperestrogenism can shrink your penis?
Can a 19 yr old girl still have big breasts even if she's never had a period?
Why are my prolactin levels still high after all this time?
"If hyperprolactinemia is caused by antipsychotics, how long after quitting the antipsychotics does it take to disappear?"
What would happen if you took chlorpromazine but didn't have a reason to?
Is it possible for a urologist to find out why you have hypogonadism?
Almost half a year in testosterone and haven't experienced any changes. What could be wrong?
Hysterosalpingogram soon. What can I expect?
Is there a way to find out if my fallopian tubes are blocked?
"Semen analysis report: molity 15%,active 10%, sluggish 15%, non motive 75% sperm count 20 million/ml. Advice?"
How would a pre-implantation genetic diagnosis be made?
Are pgd and ivf(in vitro fertilization) the same thing?
What can I do to increase estrogen and inhibit testosterone?
Does suma root really increase estrogen or testosterone?
Is soy good for a post workout supplement?
Is there even a point in going to the doctor if you have high testosterone?
Can smoking weed raise your testosterone levels?
What can I do to treat my gynecomastia?
What are the effects of taking a testosterone booster before you are 18?
Will eating flax seed increase estrogens?
Can eating edamames affecting my husband's sex drive?
Can whey protein increase estrogen in men?
"Do birth control pills (or other methods such as mirena, depo etc) lead to infertility?"
Ending birth control pills. Will there be any lingering effects?
After effects of other birth controls can include things like hair loss and infertility. Should I just get off it completely?
Does using a laptop on your lap affect your private areas regardless of gender?
"If you use a laptop on your lap, can the radiation from it make your family jewels shine?"
What could cause my semen to be clumpy sometimes?
"My face is breaking out, but no period! Could it just be late ovulation?"
Will using nolvadex help reduce my pubertal gynecomastia?
"What is an example of a ""performance enhancing drugs""?"
Is it possible to purposefully delay puberty?
Erectile dysfunction due to medicine side effect. Will I recover after I quit the drug?
"I have stomach pain at random despite diet changes and meds, what should I do?"
What is the structure in the male reproductive system which blocks urine from mixing with semen? Could that malfunction?
Issue with urination during orgasm. Should I be worried?
My stools were bloody but the tests came back fine. What could cause bloody stool?
Should I worry if I started my period before finishing first pack of birth control pills?
Norethindrone not working. Are there any alternatives?
Is there a difference between norethindrone and norgestimate?
Is there a difference between errin and jolviette birth control pills?
Should I take the morning after pill if I'm already on birth control?
Can a home menopause test work for testing for premature ovarian failure?
I missed my period but I'm a virgin. What could it be?
"Breast pain, but vaginal discharge and gaseous feel. Symptoms of ovulation?"
"Light, mid-cycle bleeding. What could cause this? Is it normal?"
Spotting and clots in the middle of my ovulation. What could this be?
"My period is four days late , what could be the reason? PID?"
Do you need to have sex with condom while you are on your period or not?
"Can antibiotics cause a delay in your ovulation? Also, does stress play a part?"
Is a urologist the right person to see if I do have endometriosis?
Smear and pelvic examination where the doctor felt 3 nodules. Diagnosed with polycystic ovaries many years ago. Could this be related?
What causes precocious puberty in a boy?
What is causing the bottom of my sternum to stick out?
What's a safe herb/alternative medicine to lower cholesterol?
What are the symptoms of premature menopause?
Should I go to the ob gyn if I think I have premature menopause?
Will my birth control still work if I take it at different times within minutes?
What is the best way to start birth control pills?
Thinking about using mirena for contraception. What do I need to know?
I have taken my birth control about 10 minutes late. Should I be worried?
My doctor told me that too much estrogen inside my body can turn into testosterone. Is this possible?
Is there anything I can take to counteract birth control?
Is it true that excessive use of vitamin tablets is bad for a man's reproductive health?
Does your diet affect reproductive health?
"If I can't find my tampon in my vagina, is it still there? What should I do?"
Birth control pills and bipolar medicine. Is it okay to mix this?
Does too much sex or the intensity of it change the look of a vagina? Serious question.
Is it possible for females to get a complete flat chest?
Will I get the same result with an air pump as I do with a penis pump?
"If a girl gets a sex change, will they still get monthly periods?"
How does estrogen differ from testosterone?
What effect does estrogen have on your body? Testoterone?
Do breast growth pills work for transsexuals?
Can I increase my testosterone by taking b vitamin complex and zinc pills?
Are breasts sizes purely hereditary?
Does fenugreek powder work for women?
What is the best muscle builiding/ weight cutting supplement I can get?
Does herbal supplementation of milk thistle increase estrogen?
"Vaginal rash, burning and stinging! What can I do?"
"If I use maca for a month with two capsules of 500mg daily, will I get my erection back?"
What can I do to increase the male sperm motility?
Tips on how we can increase the motility of male sperm?
I have an irritation/burning in urethera. My semen analysis was having pus cells. Reasons?
"I do it masturbate once per day, sometimes 2. Is this too much?"
What can I eat to gain sperm count and conceive baby?
Could a syringe transmit hiv?
Could an abortion really render a woman sterile?
Can wearing tight boxers causes sterility?
Advice on how to get over losing an early pregnancy?
What is my risk of contracting hiv if I live with someone who has it?
False positive for opiates. What can I do?
Is it possible to ovulate twice in one month?
How can I figure out when I'm ovulating?
Birth control killing my libido. Should I give it up?
Is it possible for a regular digital thermometer to be used to record basal temperature?
Why is it that women are more prone to get cold than men?
"Im on fertility medicine and if I have sex a week before the peak of ovulation, chances of getting pregnant?"
What could be causing this period that lasts several months?
What are reasons for someone to see an endocrinologist?
My bloodwork came back abnormal and now I have to see an endocrinologist. Why did I get referred to one?
"Got mirena dec 18, was told I had adenomyosis. What is this?"
"I have adenomyosis, will I be able to have sex without pain if I get treatment?"
It normal for me to bleed 2 days after having sex?
How to tell if I am pregnant and experiencing implantation bleeding or if it's my period starting early?
How do iud's for birth control work?
Possible to get pms symptoms before implantation occurs in the uterus?
Is it possible for the body to produce pms symptoms before implantation occurs?
Loose ballsack and little arousal. What should I do?
Can k2/spice affect your beard growth?
Is it possible for dry semen to impregnate you?
"If semen is dried up, could it still be alive?"
Pregnancy paranoia is ruining my life! What can I do?
Can you recommend any ayurvedic medicines to increase sperm rate?
I have not masturbated in a week and I feel really jumpy; is this normal?
What does spermatozoa means?
"If I touched his precum and it dried on my hands, but I accidently touched my vaginal opening, what are the chances of pregnancy?"
What could be the cause of dry orgasms at a young age?
Could a late puberty cause inability to ejaculate?
"Retrograde ejaculation! Help, what causes this?"
Is it okay to masturbate while taking alfa blockers?
Does slight retrograde ejaculation have any negative effects?
Can taking abilify lower testosterone in men?
Should we be worry and go see a doctor about dry orgasms because we are planning on having a baby soon?
What are the signs of an early miscarriage?
Age limit for donating eggs?
Anything I can do for depression without the help of a doctor?
I'm interested in donating eggs. Could anyone tell me what it's like?
Is menstruation estrogen tablets are given externally. Is there a possibility for pregnancy?
"How much of the vas deferens would constitute too much removed, to be able to have a vasectomy reversal?"
Will my tourettes ever go away?
What could I have damaged from smoking a cigarette 2 years ago?
"I'm having tubal reversal surgery, possible to do it while on my period? It's supposed to come around time of surgery."
What is the causes of hiccups?
"What does a ""fault in an organ of a developing embryo"" indicate?"
Would calculating the bmi of an embryo tell us anything?
"Brown discharge, no period and negative test. What could be wrong?"
What are some treatments for severe skin pain?
Is an hcg level of 185 in the 3rd week (gestational) bad?
Can a uterus transplant be done if the patient has secondary amenorrhea?
"Im donating my eggs, what kind of agency should I consider?"
Are there any new birth control options?
I've been having a period for two weeks. What could be wrong? Is this what ovulation feels like?
"I have a pinching, fullness feeling in the middle of my pelvic area. like a full balloon pushing outward. Causes?"
Condom broke while having sex and husband ejaculated. Is the conception date the day you had sex?
How to deal with sleepiness while on implanon?
Can clomiphene be used to help you get pregnant?
What could be wrong if I have a slightly elevated level of dheas?
What could be causing me to have creamy discharge before period?
Is it possible to be ovulating right before your period?
For how many maximum days could a period be delayed after taking an i-pill?
"Once I start losing hair on the temples, how long will it take for me to be noticeably balding? Does it vary from person to person?"
I'm losing a lot of hair and I'm still relatively young. Is this a disease?
When should I take my sertraline (zoloft)?
"I'm scared of the common side effects of a drug I've been prescribed, how can I protect myself?"
What kind of doctor do you talk to about hair related issues?
I was born with a receded hairline. Is there any way to fix this?
Is there any possible way to have your forehead decreased (less prominent) through surgery?
What can I use to get rid of dandruff?
Small hard spot on scalp. What could this be?
"My hair is quite dry on my scalp, could it be from the shampoo that I'm using?"
Is there any product that would prevent head lice?
How to treat seborrheic dermatitis in the eyebrows?
I have little brown/black spots in my head and when squeezed they come out like sesame seeds. What could this be?
How can I stop premature graying?
"I'm only 19 and i'm already seeing quite a few white hairs. How can I stop, or at least slow this down?"
Why do I have so many white hairs as a teenager?
"I'm 25 yrs old and unmarried and my hair and beard started getting grey (white). It's getting worse, what can I do?"
How long will the side effects of propecia last?
Should I use Beta sitosterol for erectile dysfunction?
What do I need to know about the male pattern baldness treatment propecia?
How can I prevent the receding hairline? It's making me self conscious and nervous.
Does washing your hair daily worsen thinning hair? Should I do it less often?
It seems like a lot of guys who go through puberty really early get premature baldness. Is this related?
"The curse of my grandfather has set in, and I am going bald. What should I do?"
Is it normal for the forehead to expand in size as an adult?
Do I have polycystic ovaries? What are the signs?
Can using castor oil help for female pattern baldness?
Scalp psoriasis and I really need a haircut. What do you recommend?
Is it okay to still dye my hair if I have scalp psoriasis?
Psoriasis and hair loss! Who can I talk to about this?
I suffer with scalp psoriasis. Should I use emoderm cream for this by mixing with oil?
"Hair loss, infection, very dull skin and elder looking problem. What can I do?"
Is there any cure for scalp psoriasis? Traditional or non-traditional?
Best treatment or any home remedies for dandruff?
Seborrheic dermatitis not improving after treatment. What should I do now?
"I have seborrheic dermatitis and tinea versicolor, are they related?"
What is the best treatment for seborrheic dermatitis? Will OTC supplements work?
Is zinc pyrithione for seborrheic dermatitis sold also as a cream?
"Can selsun blue be used to get rid of psoriasis on arms, stomach, chest and back?"
What can I do to get rid of this annoying head lice?
What can I use for extreme dandruff?
What are some good treatments for dandruff?
Will using too many products at a time for psoriasis mess up the treatment process?
Is it true that chemotherapy has a lasting impact on your hair quality?
Why is my nose hair falling out all of a sudden?
How long does telogen effluvium last?
"I have small red bumps on my scalp. They're itchy, painful atop thinning hair. What is it?"
What are the signs of early stage anorexia?
Naturally feeling angry nowadays. Could anger be the reason for thinner hair or hair loss?
"I have had traction alopecia for a while now, is it too late to reverse it?"
What product will work to regrow my bald spot on my head?
Dandruff wont go away no matter what I try. Please help me?
Why am I getting dandruff? I've never had it before.
What's the difference between lice and dandruff?
What should I do if parathyroid is not working properly?
"Feel tired, my hair are falling out too. Will the hair grow back?"
"If I use that cream stuff to ""down there"" will it itch when the hair grows back?"
Red vaginal pimple on vagina. Popped it and blood came out and now it's flat?
How to not feel bad about having facial hair? I'm a girl.
Are there any success stories for alopecia areata treatments?
Laser hair removal around the anus. Is this a safe procedure?
Should I shave against the grain to get better results down there?
What oils can I use to help with hairloss?
Can thyroid medication lead to severe hair loss?
Are b-complex vitamins capsules safe to take?
Do herbal supplements really work?
Beard/mustache having single discolored hairs. Should I be worried?
Can taking psychiatry medication lead to premature aging?
"I have grey hairs at 19, should I be concerned?"
Is a single gray hair strand normal for 24 year old?
Can one sibiling out of 3 have hereditary hair loss but not the other 2?
"Large, squishy, painless lump on head (10cm wide). What does this sound like?"
Can you be hospitalized for an eating disorder if you have a normal weight?
What causes high cortisol levels?
2 year old female with alopecia areata. How is this possible?
Is it possible to get alopecia at any age?
How long does it take to cure alopecia using ayurveda methods?
What to do if I have bald spots and adult acne?
I am male 23 frm india. I am losing my front head hairs now completely front portion is bald. Any medicine for this?
When should you take testosterone supplements?
I want to buy musclepharm battlefuel xt because I have read really good reviews about it. Need an expert opinion?
Should I shave my head if my hair is thinning in front because I pull at it?
Does the head and shoulders citrus breeze dandruff shampoo work?
"I have a lot of dandruff, what brand of dandruff shampoo do experts recommend?"
I have a dandruff problem. Can you offer some tips on how to get rid of it?
What does it mean when your head itches and you don't have lice/dry scalp or dandruff?
What do you recommend to do in the morning to fully wake up besides caffeine?
"How can I control oily hair, dry/oily face, etc.? I'm a girl."
Could taking too many vitamins kill you?
Why does my leg hair change color for no reason?
Does your hair color change after chemotherapy?
I bashed my skull on the freezer door a few years ago. I have a dent in my skull. Would this cause any problems later on?
What to do if eyes and hair changed color?
Can I use diluted bleach to get rid of ringworm fast?
What are the symptoms of scabies?
I feel like things are crawling on me & my scalp itches. Ideas on what this could be?
What can I do if my scalp itches and flakes so much?
Any doctor recommended hair products which can help my dry scalp?
"I need a cleanser that isn't going to dry out my skin, but also clear up my pimples?"
I got a cartilage piercing. Is it okay to still tuck my hair behind my ears?
Why am I having acne breakouts all of a sudden. I'm way past those acne years.
Can you recommend a full diet/routine I need for healthy strong hair?
I think I have hypochondriacal paranoia and anxiety. Is there a treatment for this?
Is there something wrong with me if I have a lot of ganglion cysts?
What to do about an assumed ganglion on the joint of finger?
Why is my ganglion cyst getting bigger? Should I be concerned?
I have a big somewhat itchy bump on my wrist. What could this be?
Ganglion cyst removal surgery: is it safe?
Does the cyst have to be causing irritation or pain in order to for it to be surgically removed?
White lump on my wrist. What could this be?
"There is a hard boney lump on my hand, what does this sound like?"
What is wrong with my hand? Keep gtting severely painful arm cramps?
"Can you get ssd for having osteoarthritis, diabetes & carpal tunnel?"
What should I do about carpal tunnel problems after operation?
I'm having some serious wrist-pains! Could this be carpal tunnel?
Could I have nerve damage or diabetes from carpal tunnel?
Is excessive internet use harmful to your health?
What can I do for pinky finger pain and numbness?
My left ring finger and pinky finger have been wierd and numb for about 2.5 weeks! Advice?
I use the computer frequently when I come home. What are the symptoms of cubital (not carpal) tunnel syndrome?
What to do if you accidentally get dust remover on your skin?
"I got frostbite on my hand last night, how long before I can start using it again?"
External vaginal itching during period. Is this common?
"For hypothermia and frostbite, when do they amputate your limbs and how long does it take for them to know?"
I have a numbness/tingling feeling in my fingers. Possible causes?
I chipped a bone in my hand. How can I prevent cast rubbing?
I spilled hot coffee down my cast. How do I clean it?
"Orthodontist ready for my braces to come off, but front teeth are still awful. Can I keep them on longer?"
Does skin necrosis require immediate surgery?
What is the most painful pain a human being can suffer yet still survive?
How do I handle a torn abscess in my groin?
How to deal with sun exposure and skin grafts?
Will skin grafting (transplants) ever become an anti-wrinkle treatment?
Can circumcision be undone? Can doctors reattach foreskin?
What should I do next to heal my wrist injury after getting a cast?
How to prevent wrist pain when doing push-ups?
What are good treatments to fix wrist pain?
"I have codeine from 2011, is it still safe to use 2 years later?"
Wrist pain from weightlifting. What should I do?
"Wrist pain and swollen, also feels like liquid. What should I do?"
Thumb and pointer finger problems from using the keyboard too much. What to do?
"Having pain whenever I do pushups in my right hand joint, why is this?"
What can I do to help get stronger hand joints?
Hand nerve problems from chemical burn. Solutions?
"If your hand nerves get cut, is that fatal?"
What are the symptoms of quadriceps tendon rupture?
How to tell if I ruptured my achilles tendon?
Pain behind knee after 1 month post acl surgery. Pain meds aren't working?
A lot of pain after taking levaquin. Is this normal?
"I had an acl reconstruction surgery 3 months ago, and accidentally took a levoflaxacin, is that bad?"
What is madelung's deformity?
How to tell if I have a pulled or ruptured tendon?
My thumb clicks when I bend it. It doesn't hurt but why does this happen?
I was prescribed prednisone 40mg daily for trigger finger/tendinitis. Is it safe?
Bent pinky fingers since birth. Is it too late to fix now?
Ring and middle fingers randomly hurt. What can I do to ease the pain (without meds)?
Can trigger fingers resolve themselves?
How does trigger finger surgery work?
Are there any alternatives to a stellate ganglion block?
What are different ways to fix a dislocated finger?
Dislocated finger (pinky) during volleyball. How can I keep it from getting worse?
Can a hairline fracture in the hand get worse if left untreated?
When should I go to the hospital for fever and other symptoms?
My left pinky has been numb for a week. What should I do for this?
I have diabetes and I heard that could affect finger numbness. What do you think I should do?
Muscle pain in left arm & swelling in armpit. Recommendations?
Numbness in two fingers in the morning for a lengthy period of time. What could this be?
Tips on preventing finger pain and damage while typing?
What is the solution if I can't bend my middle finger?
Finger sprained 5 months ago that hasn't been treated. Will it cause any complications in the future ?
My penis is very sensitive and I can't retract it fully when erect. Is this a problem?
"Left forehead pain that lasted only 10 seconds or so. Also brief finger pain. Is this carpal, anxiety, or something worse?"
How does it take for a tiny blood blister to go away?
"Is it possible to have an hiv p24 antigen, hiv antibody, and hiv pcr accurate 5 weeks after exposure?"
How do you throw up just because of pain?
I have had some pretty painful things happen to me but never thrown up. How do people do that?
I read that for hiv test by test kit would require your blood. Is this painful?
My finger is swollen. What can I do to make it better?
Will the swelling of the knuckle from a broken finger ever go away?
What causes my fingers to swell when hot?
I just had my ring resized and it fit yesterday. Woke up this morning it was way too small. Possible causes of swelling?
Mild trigger finger symptoms. What can I do to prevent it from getting worse?
My ears are bleeding from the inside. How do I stop this?
Why is my fingers almost always tingling?
I'm on viagra and my pee is bright pink. I should go to the hospital?
I've lost all feeling in my neck. Help?
"I wake up every morning cause of my both hand fingers are tingling mainly thumb,index,middle and ring finger. Normal?"
Why do my fingers tingle every time after I take my amino acid supps?
"My thumb still hurts from when I broke it months ago, will this always happen?"
Is there any way to increase my penis size naturally?
What should I do if I'm having pain in right upper rib area?
Purple bruises showing up 3 days after hand injury. Is this normal?
I want to box but have I damaged my lungs too much. Is there any way to fix this?
Why causes my hands to always be numb when I wake up?
Leg always shaking and hand going numb. What is wrong with me?
Right forarm and hand numbess and loss of control. Possible causes?
What causes that tingling feeling after workout and stretching?
What is constant leg numbness due to?
Does left hand pain mean heart attack?
"I have carpal tunnel syndrome, who should I see for this?"
Can a chet xray reveal a lung tumor?
Could the loss of cervical lordosis (forward head posture) lead to hands pain?
How bad is drinking coca cola for my health?
Would deliberately shaking my hands a lot give cause me to have parkinson's disease- like symptoms?
My finger hurts but I don't know if it's sprained or what? What should I do?
What scar product would you recommend to use to avoid scars after injury?
"How can I elevate my hand after surgery without causing neck, shoulder or elbow strain?"
Will hand surgery recorrect my fracture that healed wrong years ago?
Should I see a rheumatologist about ulnar nerve subluxation?
How to tell if I sprained or tore a ligament?
Sudden joint pain in entire body. What can I do?
Is there a connection with the thyroid and my poor circulation?
What can I do for wrinkly hands?
"Help, can I expect my hand's width to grow if I'm a 19 year old guy?"
Bent fingers since birth. What causes this?
What can I expect when going to have a sesamoid bone removal surgery?
Is it normal for your vagina to burn a little when you pee after getting fingered?
How to fix swollen hand only occuring when waking up?
My thumb is swollen but just on the distal phalanx area. How do I treat a swollen thumb?
I'm tired of chilblains. What can I do to prevent it?
How do I stop my trembling hands that happens randomly?
What are some advantages and disadvantages of masturbation in terms of overall health?
How can I make strong my body without excercise?
What is an alternative workout to pushups?
How long do bruises usually remain red for?
Wrist pops and hurt when picking heavy things up or extending it out too far?
I broke the velcro on my wrist splint from urgent care and need a new one. How can I get it?
"Carpal tunnel pain worse after surgery. It's been a week, is this normal?"
How to cure cold pianist hands? What treatment will I need?
How long should you ice an injury for?
How bad do wrist ligaments need to be to require surgery?
Finger and knuckle rebreaking after 2 years. How to treat this?
Can you suggest simple exercises for my left hand fracture and back pain?
How long does a hand fracture take to heal after intitial treatment?
I broke my fifth metacarpal bone towards the joint yesterday. How can I speed up the healing process?
Why is ice suggested by doctors to be applied to an elbow fracture joint?
I think I broke my tailbone. What do I do?
What is the medical term for fusion of your digits?
What tips do you have for someone dealing with anxiety?
Is vomiting doing any good in a situation where too much alcohol was consumed?
"I feel stressed all the time, any tips on how to cope?"
Bent my middle finger nail back 2 days ago and my now fingers are numb. Should I be worried?
How to tell if I am gluten intolerant?
"What are signs/symptoms of depression, anxiety, and panic attacks?"
I woke up this morinng and found my hands swollen. 20 yo male. Any ideas?
Hands swelling every morning following a week of diarrhea. What is wrong with me?
"Hand swollen and internally bruised, what should I do now?"
TheIimplant is giving me stabbing pains in my arm and I can feel it in my arm when I move - is this normal?
Can orbitrek elite work for skinny people wanting to gain muscles?
I put my arm out to break my fall and injured my wrist. How to tell if this looks fractured?
Will my wrist fracture heal on its own with minial treatment?
How can I recover from a 9 day binge?
How long after a finger injury should I wait before buddy taping them?
Is it normal for your wrist to still be swollen 4 months after injury?
How can you tell if your trapezoid bone is broken?
How do I get rid of a wrist cyst and how are they formed?
How long does a triquetral bone take to heal in children?
I broke my wrist-triquetrum three weeks ago. How long would it take to fully recover?
They say I broke my wrist but only my hand and fingers hurt/are bruised. Could it be a wrong diagnosis?
"2 weeks after abortion, experiencing extreme depression and mood change?"
"Help. I just don't know what to do anymore. Self harm, depression and bpd. How do I stop feeling like this?"
"If you had a hole in your stomach lining, would it be able to heal itself?"
"Can a warm, wet washcloth compressed against the penis trigger ejaculation? Is this used in hospital care?"
Sudden excruciating abdominal pain. What do you suggest?
If I get a bruise will it ever take go away?
I am diabetic. Can I still drink pedialyte?
I am good at studies but my physical and mental health doesn't cooperates with me. Advice?
What do you recommend to recover from a stomach virus?
Daughter is sick with the stomach virus and can't even keep liquids down. What should I do?
"What is gastrointeritis? Possible causes, treatment and prevention?"
What are the most common symptoms of a stomach virus?
What happens if an alzheimer's patient is also diagnosed with cancer? Would either affect the other?
My dad is 78 has 2 blocked arteries and another that is 80 blocked his heart is working at 20%. What are his options?
Is hodgkins lymphoma fatal?
What exactly is palliative care?
Can all of your organs be donated after you die?
"If you get a blood test at the gyno, do they also test it for hiv aids?"
Are cre infections likely in healthy people?
What advice do you have for someone wanting to stop self harming?
My 12 yo girl is very underweight. How can I help her?
How do you treat a paracetamol overdose?
How do I avoid gallstone attacks after eating meat balls?
Will my anxiety ever go away? What should I do?
Should I go to the emergency room if I can't feelmy left arm?
"Lymph node burst, should I be concerned? ER or no?"
Is heart pain and light headed normal for wolff parkinson white syndrome?
I am having testicle pain and they don't look normal. Advice?
"I need to go to the emergency room but I am worried because I have drugs in my system, will I get in any trouble?"
What does a psychiatric nurse specializing in children and adolescents do?
"My husband has sepsis, mrsa, dvts's and his immune system is compromised due to chemo, is there anything that can be done?"
My parents mentally torture me from my childhood until now. Help?
I was 210 lbs at one point and 152 now because I work out all the time. What would my body type be?
Is it normal to experience mini-strokes (ati) while taking ssri's or antypsychotics?
What are the chances of a 20-something year old having a stroke if they have no prior medical conditions?
Possible causes of sudden facial numbness on right side?
Congestive heart failure. Any advice for someone suffering from it?
How to deal with complications from dvt?
What are common causes of brain cysts?
Can taking wellbutrin cause weight loss?
Is it really that easy to get broken ribs while receiving cpr?
Why does it take so long for a wound to stop bleeding when I get cut/scratched? Is this serious?
Heart attack like symptoms after doing marijuana. What happened?
My cardiologist told me both of my carotid arteries are blocked. What are my options?
What is the difference between a tia and petit mal seizure?
Is it true that only phychiatrists not psychologists in California can diagnose disorders?
Could someone survive from being shot in the stomach?
How do universal precautions and contact precautions differ?
How do doctors contain infectious diseases?
Would a doctor who was HIV positive still be able to work?
Going to see a haemotologist tomorrow. What should I expect?
What is the origin of meningitis?
What are disease causing agents?
Could my memory issues be related to viral meningitis?
Is it possible to get viral meningitis from a shingles outbreak?
Stiff neck & pain when I press on vertebrae. What could be wrong?
I am depressed and suicidal but I don't know how to tell anyone?
Got hydroxyzine pam to deal with anxiety and help me sleep. What are the side effects?
I'm having hallucinations after taking medication. Should I stop?
Can cracking your knuckles every once in a while cause damage to your joints?
Would an end stage copd patient be able to come off ventilator?
What is the life expectancy for a patient with stage 4 kidney failure?
What could happen if someone ate junk food daily?
What alternatives are there for hip pinning surgery for my 100 yo grandmother?
I heard from 2 doctors that alzheimers and dementia are the same. What do you say?
What is the meaning of maintaining fluid and acid-bace balance from renal function?
Advice on ways to help deal with anxiety?
Is it mandatory for you to receive the meningitis shot as a teen in the US?
"I took 120mg hydrocodone, is it ok to take 30mg of morphine too?"
Where can I find a site that gives current information about the situation with diseases globally?
What does chicken pox look like?
Can a child get chicken pox even though they have had the varicella vaccine?
What are possible causes of involuntary eye widening?
Could someone die from herpes?
What are probable results of being raised by a mentally retarded mother?
Is it possible to have a fungal disease in the brain?
Could a fungal disease in the human brain change a person's behavior?
Is pneumonia still fatal nowadays?
What does it mean if you have a white lung?
"Broken rib that has healed wrong. Would like some advice on improving breathing, etc.?"
Can you die from having an asthma attack during your sleep?
What factors determine if a myocardial infarction isin the left or right coronary artery?
Coronary artery disease is the same as arteriosclerosis and myocardial infarction. True?
Is the pain that occurs in angina pectoris and myocardial infarction the same?
I've had a heart attack. Someone please help me understand what causes this?
"Hiatal hernia and pains in the chest, arm and neck. Reasons?"
Can the bayer aspirin help heart attacks?
Why does medical marijuana get me paranoid?
What can I expect when visiting an endocrinologist?
Chest hurts/burns when I breathe. What could be wrong?
What is c. o. p. d. disease? How is it treated?
What disease can cause your heart and lungs both to fail?
What are the symptoms of patients with bronchitis?
I breathe out really hard a lot. Does this indicate any problems?
How long does it usually take for chronic bronchitis to develop? I think I caught it 3 months ago?
How to tell if I have copd or chronic bronchitis?
Blood pressure was 204/143. What risks could there be if I didn't do anything about it?
What is dilated cardiomyopathy? How do you get it? Does it kill over time or sudden?
"What are some reasons that causes an enlarged heart, besides smoking and hbp?"
Is it possible to get a heart attack as a 19 year old?
Suffering from depression/anxiety after pacemaker/icd surgery. What do you suggest?
What can cause low blood pressure and high heart rate/arrhythmia?
Debilitated by fear of cardiac arrest. How do I get over this?
It hurts when I breathe. Getting heart checked tomorrow. What can I expect?
"I have pericarditis/myocarditis, what are the chances of overcoming this?"
Could someone recover from a collapsed lung?
Every single time I breathe it feels like there is a bone stuck inside my heart. What does this sound like?
Possible reasons for my lung pain and breathlessness?
How does air get trapped in the lungs? What would happen?
Cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Do I have heart murmur?
Getting pain in upper chest and shoulder when I breathe. What should I do?
An increased stroke volume would be a consequence of what?
Can't stop thinking about suicide.. what should I do?
My dad takes sutent for stage 4 kidney cancer & also has congestive heart failure. What meds can he take for it?
Is there a relation between congestive heart failure and dental care?
Is it recommended for people who suffer from congestive heart failure to take special precautions with their dental care?
Can congestive heart failure be cured with today's medicine?
What are the chances of a someone surviving an aortic blood clot?
My 82 year old grandad has ascending aortic dissection. Best treatment for this?
What could cause pain when I cough underneath the left shoulder blade?
Can an amphetamine overdose kill someone a year later?
What's the most common cause of aortic aneurysms?
"I might have marfan, what should I do?"
I've been having strange chest pains. Is there a specialist I should see?
Why are my husband's feet still swollen whhile on lasix? It's been almost a week.
"I'm skinny with a fat face. I tried low sodium diets, drinking 64oz of water but nothing seems to work. Ideas?"
"Losing weight fast with soup. If I ate this soup for 7 days straight, would I lose weight quickly?"
What are good high protein foods with low sodium foods?
What are some foods that contain high protein but consist of low sodium?
Are there any liquids that do not cause water retention?
What liquids can I drink besides water that will not cause water retention?
Is v8 100% vegetable juice good to drink for weight loss?
Why does hypernatremia occur in patients with diabetes insipidus?
Possible example of localized edema?
What would be the most likely cause of my extreme thirst?
What bad effects does too much salt have besides increasing blood pressure?
What happens when you drink really salty water?
Is it ok if I drink about 6-8 liters of water daily? What is the recommended amount?
How much water should I drink per day?
Can anything be done naturally to cure brain edema?
I ate a large quantity of salt and woke up feeling extremely dizzy. Any natural cure for this?
What can I take for a bladder control problem?
Is cardiac arrest the same thing as a heart attack?
What is the most common cause of bradycardia?
Is there a connection between potassium levels and spironolactone?
How can potassium chloride decrease heart rate?
What effects could an imbalance in electrolytes have on your body?
What are possible symptoms of low potassium?
What are foods to eat to reduce blood pressure?
I need some serious pain relief! What is the best OTC painkiller?
How much potassium would it take to have an overdose in the human body?
How low of a level is low potassium?
What could cause this? White blood cell count elevated and low potassiumleukemia?
What could be causing strange foot cramps?
"Legs, head and arms feel light and weak and sightly dizzy. What could be wrong?"
"Hypoglycemia, diabetes, low magnesium levels and low potassium levels. What does this sound like?"
Can having congenital adrenal hyperplasia (cah) also lead to mental anxiety/panic attacks?
"Everytime I get a back massage, the next day it feels like someone kicked me in the back. Is it just me?"
How does a lack of parathyroid hormone cause hypocalcemia?
Can drinking/consuming things with fluoride every day cause hypocalcemia?
Is it okay to take vitamin d with high calcium levels?
"I take 4000 iu of vitamin d a day, will I run the risk of hypercalcemia by doing this?"
Could vitamin d supplements cause calcification of blood vessels?
What is the difference between hypercalcemia and hypercalcemia of malignancy?
What is calcium deficiency? What are the symptoms?
I know that hypercalcemia is calcium deficiency. Wondering what are the symptoms and why does the body get these symptoms?
I drink two gallons of water a day and my bun and blood protein level is higher than normal. Why?
I am trying to lose weight as a type 1 diabetic. What do you suggest?
Is it possible to donate your pancreas while living?
What are the signs of a hyperglycemia attack?
What would happen to you if your body could not regulate blood sugar levels?
How can I stop myself from eating sweets when feeling upset?
I have a weird warm feeling above my stomach when I run. Should I be worried?
How can I deal with hypoglycemia?
Is it true that it's harder for someone with hypoglycemia to lose weight?
I think I may have low iron. What do you recommend?
What is diabetic ketoacidosis?
Is it possible for someone to survive from diabetic coma?
What is the effect of type 1 diabetes on the homeostasis of blood glucose levels?
"What does ""opacity in the left lower zone with obliteration of the left costophrenic angle-pleural effusion"" mean?"
Is an enlarged heart dangerous? Could someone live a normal life?
I just found out that I have an enlarged heart with pleural effusion. Is this serious?
What is a pleural effusion? How is it treated?
Is 4l an average volume to be extracted via thoracentesis for a 55 year old male w/ ckd and walking pneumonia?
My left tonsil has been swollen for a month now. How do I treat this?
How to deal with this voice change after tonsillitis?
What is the best thing to soothe tonsillitis?
"My peritonsillar abscess just drained, what do I do now?"
Should I go to emergency if I know I have a peritonsillar abscess?
Is it okay for men to take himalaya neem capsules?
Does erysipelas (skin desease) have a cure?
Are there any effective and powerful treatment for fungal infection?
How is it that mrsa become resistant to antibiotics?
"If a patient is diagnosed with mrsa, should they be hospitalized right away?"
Got mrsa went to the hospital. Antibiotics that where given gave me kidney failure and had to have dialysis. Thoughts?
Semi large mass between buttocks. What is this?
Large bump under the vaginal hole. Help what could it be?
I have mrsa pain under armpit. What can I take for this?
Mrsa can flare up because of drug use?
I touched someone's hand who has mrsa. Will I get it now?
I rented my house out to someone who has mrsa unknowingly infecting my home. Can I still rent it out?
How to know if you have multiple sclerosis? What are the signs?
Ive been ill for weeks! What should I do?
What tips ca you offer to someone who has MS?
"Getting a lumbar puncture, how serious is this?"
I went blind in my left eye last night for about 10 minutes. I had a lumbar puncture 2 weeks ago. Related?
How do doctors tell if you have lung cancer?
Why kind of doctors do taping to the liver cirrhosis patients?
"Can pancreatic enzymes with protease, amylase and lipase hurt or help cancer?"
Is there a cure for alcoholism?
How long could a person survive with stage 4 cirrhosis caused by hepatitis?
"My dad has cirrhosis of the liver, what are his options?"
What are the chances of someone surviving with cirrhosis of the liver and cellulitis?
How to remove fluid in lungs with liver cirrhosis?
How to tell if you are bloated or have abdominal fluid?
"Upper thigh throbs and is in pain, what should I do?"
Could I get deep venous thrombosis from sitting down for long hours?
What foods should you eat if you have pancreatitis?
My mother has been diagnosed with pancreatitis - what are the consequences of this disease?
How long could a person survive without their pancreas?
I ate some questionable food and my stomach hurts now. What are the symptoms of food poisoning?
What are the most effective drugs for hepatitis b?
Could the hepatitis b vaccine bring out my latent tb symptoms?
Will getting herpes while already having hep c potentially make the hepatitis worse?
How common is it for people to get hepatitis c if they already have herpes?
Why is hepatitis a  apart of the big 5 food borne illnesses?
Anxiety causing intestinal problems. Who do I talk to about this? Psychiatrist or gastro?
"What are the symptoms of a gallbladder attack? Specifically, what does it feel like?"
"Three days ago, I got a sharp pain under my ribcage, even hurts breathing. How can I relieve this?"
Having severe pain under right breast bone. What to take to alleviate this?
How to tell if someone has mono?
How to tell if I have a ruptured spleen?
"I have mono and can't have sex, so can I ""take care of business"" by myself, or will my spleen rupture?"
What would happen if you had an orgasm while having mono?
"Lower back pain, fever, black tar stool, weak, aches, and hunger. What does this sound like?"
"I feel really weird because I combined alcohol,meth, & nyquil and puked a little blood. What should I do?"
What are the symptoms of kidney failure?
"Aspirin makes my stomach hurt, what should I do?"
What do ulcers look like? Do they vary depending on where they are?
What could cause bright red blood in my stool?
Do I have a bleeding ulcer if I see bright red blood in my stool?
When I wiped after bowel movement there was a little blood. Could this be a bleeding ulcer?
How do I treat severe anemia at home?
Are thrombolytic drugs really an appropriate solution to heart attacks?
Coughed up a small amount of blood. Is this serious?
Extreme stomach pain and black poo. What is wrong with me?
"I get this pulling feeling in abdomen, what does this mean?"
How to tell if it's muscle strain or appendicitis?
What to do about pain in my lower right side?
I been having pain in my lower right side for about a day and a half. Could it be my appendix?
How could death during an endoscopy happen?
"I think I have appendicitis, what do you recommend?"
"What are the causes of appendicitis? Right above my hip, on the right side of my body hurts."
"Could non acetone nail polish remover kill me, if I drank some of it?"
What are possible causes of a mass in the kidney and fatty spots on the liver?
"I have blood in my stool. It is a bright red blood in my stool, should I be worried?"
What is the reason for stomach aches?
What to do if you've had diverticulitis surgery and have it come back?
Severe stomach pains every few minutes. It's not my diet so what could be wrong?
Constant pain in my appendix. What can I do for this?
2 year old son with bladder infection. What kind of treatment is safe for him?
How to know if you have an urinary infection?
What could be the reason why I keep getting uti's?
"Both kidneys shrinking 25%, what is the treatment for this?"
Is it bad if I have intercourse when having a uti?
Can you die from a bladder infection if left untreated?
Why is it that cystitis is more common than pyelonephritis?
Can having kidney infections cause loss of weight?
Lower right side pain that comes and goes. What can I do for this?
"I'm 20f, I have a kidney infection but my belly hurts. Is this related?"
"Right kidney hurts all the time, left sometimes. Does this sound like a kidney infection, or kidney stone?"
My stomach hurts after every time I eat. What could be wrong?
"Everything I eat, I get really nauseous afterwards. What could be wrong?"
I have gastroparesis and need to gain weight. Any advice?
"I have sulfur burps, diarrhea, vomiting and my stomach keeps growling with pain. How to treat this?"
Is gastroparesis really contagious?
I'm a type 1 diabetic and for 2 weeks now ive been in a lot of pain all over. What can I do for the pain?
No ejaculation due to kidney stone. What can I do?
What is the best way to get rid of gallstones?
Can I be sexually active if I have kidney stones?
Does traditional kidney stone surgery leave a scar?
"I have lower back pain on a daily basis, mostly when sitting in certain positions or standing too long. Advice?"
Is it possible for your ovary to break?
How does it feel if your ovary bursts?
"Constant abdominal pain,  doc says it's testicular torsion. Thoughts?"
Could someone have testicular torsion and eject?
What are the symptoms of testicular torsion?
Is the pain from testicular torsion really bad?
"Can you have surgery with kidney disease? My father needs a hip replacement, but had liver disease."
"My dad's just been diagnosed with cirrhosis (grade 8/18,stage 6/6). How serious is this?"
"Abdominal ultrasound showed ""fuzzy"" liver, what are the possible causes?"
Unknown pain left abdomin below rib cage. Elevated liver enzymes for a couple months. Possible causes?
Is holding in your bowel movements a bad idea? What could happen?
Is it possible to have a partial bowel obstruction and still have solid bowels?
Can you have solid bowels but still have a bowel obstruction?
What is an organoaixial rotatation stomach?
What can I do about pain in my left testicle?
Suffering from back pain and urinating the bed after drinking. What can I do?
How to tell if it's really bad morning sickness or hyperemesis gravidarum?
Is it normal to have morning sickness just once?
Can holding your stool in cause colon cancer when you are 50?
Bright red blood in feces but no pain. What could it be?
Bright red blood in stool? Should I get tested for cancer?
My father was having colorectal cancer & he died because of it. Am I also at risk?
I have severe chest pain when breathing. What could be wrong?
"Chest pain when breathing in deeply followed by a ""pop"" sound. What could it be?"
"I cut myself, worried it might be infected. What can I do?"
My boyfriend may have a yeast infection. What should we do?
Bad odor coming from loose fingernail. What does this sound like?
Is there anything else that gives you the same good feeling you get when you cut your wrist?
Will I have to be hospitalized if I have a leg clot?
Does everybody with psychotic depression go to psych hospitals?
Is it possible for viral pleurisy to turn into bacterial pleurisy?
What would happen if you mixed adderall and marijuana?
Is it possible for melanoma to kill you at any time?
Is there a relationship between aortic stenosis and dilated cardiomyopathy?
What do you recommend for someone with chronic fatigue syndrome?
"I only feel good after getting 9 hours of sleep, is this normal?"
How long does chronic fatigue syndrome normally last?
Is it possible for me to have mono more than once?
Can you make yourself physically ill if you wanted to enough?
"If I donate blood to the red cross, could they tell me my rh factor as well?"
Would a miscarriage count as a period?
Can a blood transfusion lead to discovering someone's father?
How do rheumatic conditions and rheumatic diseases differ?
To whom can people with negative blood donate blood to?
Is it true that all blue eyed people have rh+ blood type?
What factors decide whether you have blood that is negative or positive?
My wife and I have sex 3 to 4 times a day. Can this be unhealthy?
"High levels of immunoglobulin, does it indicate an illness?"
Is it a good idea to take zinc when you catch a cold?
Is it possible to catch a flu/cold twice in a week?
"I had the flu, will it make me more prone to catch anymore viruses?"
Why do we get really high fevers when we have the flu?
Would having a family history of heart attack put you more at risk than other people?
What should you do if your urine doesn't return to normal after kidney stones?
"My 6 month old is running a fever, should we take her to the ER?"
How does high blood pressure affect pregnancy?
What is bilineage hypoplasia? Is it a common disease?
What are some natural ways to lower cortisol levels?
I'm worried about weight gain on paxil. How do I prevent cortisol levels from rising?
Can I ask my doctor to prescribe rohypnol?
My cuts seem to heal up really fast. What does this mean?
I always get sick! What can I do to prevent it?
What can be done to boost my immunity level?
What will happen if you left a tampon in for over 8 hours?
What are the risks of having an infection after a triple bypass?
Should I go to the er if I have a bladder infection?
What is the best treatment for recurrent furunculosis?
Is it possible to have anemia if you have low white blood cells?
Can predsol forte syrup lead to drowsiness?
Is it possible for tests to miss a blood clot?
I was diagnosed with asthma. What do I do now?
What tips do you have for patients with cushing syndrome?
Is 10mg prednisolone too much to take at one time?
How to prevent weight gain with prednisolone?
Is prednisolone safe to give to newborns?
I have an addiction to alcohol. What could happen?
Random stomach pangs since being diagnosed with glandular fever. How to treat tgis?
Will it hurt to take a bath if I have an enlarged spleen?
Pain in spleen area plus bronchitis. What can I take for this?
I'm having a uncomfortable pain in my spleen and I have bronchitis. Could the pain be from bronchitis?
Should I go in to get my swollen spleen checked out? Hematologist or infectious disease doc?
How does someone get lupus anticoagulant?
What are the chances of pulmonary fibrosis chances before the age of 20?
I think I have juvenile arthritis symptoms but not sure. What are they?
"Brother has restless leg syndrome, and my sister has lupus. Could my leg pain be one of those?"
Every time my test comes back.i have low potassuim (3.2). I eat banana every day?
Can you join the marine corps if you have lupus/rheumatoid arthritis?
Can you offer any new tips to manage psoriasis?
"How to tell if it's herpes, or could it be something else?"
Any natural creams that help with psoriasis?
I have psoriasis right on my forehead. It's horrible I can't cover it. What can I do?
I think I might have a form of lymphoma. How do I figure out what type it is?
What is a good natural defence against rubella?
Why does animal fat solidify in the bloodstream? How is this possible when our body temperature is around 98 degrees?
What does it mean if your penis gets swollen after sex?
How to drain fluids in the ear?
I have hypochondria but I think I also have marfans syndrome?
I have really stretchy skin. Worried I might have ehlers-danlos syndrome?
What can I do to get my feet to stop tingling?
Is it possible to have marfan syndrome and ehlers danlos syndrome at the same time?
Is the guillainbarr syndrome (gbs) heredity?
"Is it worth it to get a flu shot if ""flu season"" is almost over?"
What are common causes of back bone pain and how can it be reduced?
Is it possible for an mri to miss a bone tumor?
"Ankle hurts when I point toes foward, what could be wrong?"
Can chemotherapy cause tailbone pain?
How to deal with tailbone bone spur pain?
Is there a cure for ankylosing spondylitis?
Is there a difference between ankylosing spondylitis and spondylolisthesis?
"Pain in my joints, and clicking in knuckles and finger joints. Any advice?"
Why is one of my eyea bigger than the other?
Accutane 30mg. What are the side effects?
"30 years old female, constant respiratory tract infections, heart rate rises and breathless very easily. Help?"
How can I stay determined to lose weight?
Is a heart rate of 130 for someone who had surgery normal?
What are the first signs of multiple sclerosis?
What is the treatment procedure for multiple sclerosis stem cell?
Does multiple sclerosis affect a person's decision making?
Is is true that kawasaki syndome is genetic?
Can smz-tmp be used to cure lyme disease?
How to tell if I have arthritis or lyme disease?
I've been getting pins and needles and numbness. Could this be MS symptoms?
Is it possible for lyme disease to come back?
I think i'm havening a hemorrhage! Could it be from sex?
I am type 1 diabetic on warfarin. What are the risks of pregnancy?
Why am I still angry even though my baby died over 2 years ago? How do I get over this?
Tested positive for trisomy 18 and I'm really scared. Is there any cure for this?
Why am I always very sleepy? I'm not on any medication.
Is it safe to leave my nuvaring in for longer than 4 weeks?
Can itraconazole lower birth control effectiveness?
Is there a pregnancy risk if you swallow semen?
Is it bad or unhealthy to have sex when you're on your period?
Are there any risks in having multiple c sections?
I'm pregnant and failed 3-hour glucose test. Should I be worried?
What could cause a sudden onset of lactose intolerance?
Could pregnancy have caused me to suddenly have an intolerance to dairy?
What are the chances of a person developing diabetes if they had gestational diabetes during pregnancy?
When will the doctor put me on insulin or other medication for gestational diabetes?
When do doctors usually suggest getting insulin/medication for gd moms?
Is gestational diabetes a form of type 2 or type 1 diabetes?
Is papaya safe to use for abortion? Can any body suggest to avoid pregnancy?
Is it normal to feel pain if you're thinking of something painful?
What to do about copper iud pain one week after insertion?
"Missed period, have firm boobs, hpt says negative. What could it be?"
Can pushing to hard when trying to poop cause you to lose your mucus plug?
How do ease the chest and upper back pain during pregnancy?
What test can tell if you have kleinfelters syndrome?
Do you tend to have odors and fluid dripping during first trimester?
Thick discharge during pregnancy. Is this normal?
How to lose a your belly after giving birth?
What can I do to get weight loss after pregnancy?
Could labor have lead to endometriosis?
How can I reduce fluid build-up in the abdomen caused by congestive heart failure?
Is ativan safe to use with hydralazine?
"Is there a relation between acne, hair growth and menstrual period?"
"If my periods haven't been regular on birth control, am I still protected from pregnancy?"
What could cause persistent nausea with no pregnancy?
"Period two weeks late. not stressed, not pregnant, and 20 years old. Possible causes?"
"When you have had an operation before for ovarian cysts, Is there a chance of a cyst coming back again?"
Doc told me have a ovarian cyst that is 4.0cm. Is that big or small?
I just found out I am pregnant right before my scheduled root canal. Should I still do it?
Is there any way to make the veins on my breast less prominent?
Can a cervical polyp just disappear on its own?
Is a cervical polyp any cause for concern?
I'm unable to have sex with my boyfriend I get so much pain. What should I do?
Why would my period change from a 28 day cycle to a 20 day cycle?
"Was bleeding during sex. Never happened before, what could this be?"
Why do I keep hearing people saying to stop vitex during menstruation?
What does exercising do to lower your blood pressure?
What is a really good way to burn fat?
Tips for me to lose weight & keep my body in shape?
How effective is the paragard iud?
Intense pain in a bruise on my left labia after childbirth that's become steadily worse over time. What should I do?
Would anything happen if I start my birth control before my period comes?
Does metformin really work?
Since my significant other has had one of her fallopion tubes removed because of an ectopic pregnancy will we still need to use protection?
"Pelvic inflammatory disease caused ectopic pregnancy, what do I do now?"
Is it safe to get your belly pierced after laparoscopic surgery?
How does abortion work? Are there different methods?
Should I allow my child to go to school if he has mild chickenpox?
How can you tell if you had a miscarriage sorry for my naiveness?
"I was diagnosed with gestational diabetes, are there women who have had this without needing a c-section?"
How to stop lower back pain after miscarriage?
I sadly had a miscarriage a couple of months ago and have been experiencing some back pain. Could this be related?
Could my periods still be messed up from havin a miscarriage in early December?
Period for 12 days and counting. Never been this long before. Probably causes?
Is there any lotion treatment for men to cleanse the genital area?
I think I have epilepsy. What should I do?
I think I might be miscarrying. What are the signs?
Could taking plan b affect your cycle months later?
"I had a glob of egg white cervical mucus discharge. It didn't have an odor or color, what does this sound like?"
What two cell types are involved in gastric carcinoma?
Can having a uti cause late period?
I'm having pms symptoms but no period. What is wrong?
How would I tell if I am allergic to oxycodone?
"Recently ran out of my percocet 10mg, could I use morphine instead?"
Can you suggest some tips to lose weight after c section?
Does anyone have any suggestions to post csection weight loss?
How can I get rid of a c section pooch?
I got this baby fat that I'm trying to lose. What do you suggest?
Will ever go flat again or will I always have that roll? I had a csection with my child.
What does it mean if I'm having brown discharge at 38 weeks?
"My vulva keeps swelling up, pains, pink after I wipe. What does this sound like?"
Is it possible to lose part of mucus plug at different times?
Full blown period during a confirmed pregnancy. How is this possible?
I want to leave the hospital but haven't been ok'd by the doc. Can I still leave on my own?
Why are some reasons why babys come out deformed or with a serious condition?
How to overcome a severe fear of resuming sex life after pregnancy?
My girlfriend is 5 weeks pregnant and she tried using cytotec to get rid of it but it dint work. Advice?
I was 1 month pregnant when I took cytotec pill for abortion. Bled for a day and I have pains like period pain. Normal?
What could happen if diabetic person took cytotec?
What brand of protein powder is the most effective and tastes great?
Mifepristone and misoprostol: what would happen if used by men?
My period date is on the 20th and I had sex on the 12th and I failed to take I pill out of fear. Could I have gotten preg?
Could it be possible that bleeding starts after taking mifepristone?
I took the abortion pill but still no bleeding. Does this mean it's not working?
Why havent I had a period since I giving birth? It's been a couple months.
Endometriosis: sudden increasing pelvic pain. What else to expect?
Which is better: a root canal treatment & crowning on my molar tooth or extraction & implant/bridging?
Possible to get pregnant after childbirth before first period?
When is best time to get a boob job if you still want more children?
Could consuming breast milk damage my health?
Why do my boobs hurt? I stopped breastfeeding 2 years ago so it's not that.
I'm a virgin but have missed my period. Possible reasons?
A little bit more watery period than usual. Is this a cause for concern?
Brown spotting 2 weeks before period. What could this be?
What tips do you have for ladies with bacterial vaginosis?
What can I expect at a high risk dr. consult?
Why was douching ever invented?
Is douching a generational thing? Is it less common in young women?
Can a vaginal infection or bacterial infection make it difficult to get pergnant?
Watery discharge on my fingers when checking cervix. Should I be worried?
"How bad is it to have a ""chronic "" bladder infection?"
"Ulcer, shaking, and memory problems. What are these symptoms of?"
What could happen if I get contraceptive implant removed?
I was put on co cyprindiol for my skin problems and it's a contraceptive pill. What are the side effects?
Getting dizzy after taking contraceptive pills. Should I stop?
Is it possible to get alternative contraception pills over the counter?
I've got the implant but I'm still bleeding. Help?
"If you use the ""pull out method"" as contraception and don't have precum, is it safe?"
I'm taking doxycycline for my acne but i'm also on the pill. Will this have any adverse effect?
I'm on the pill because I have bad periods not for contraception. Will taking doxycycline stop it from working on my period?
"I started my period in the middle of my second pack of birth control, is that normal?"
Should I be worried about depo provera injection/bleeding after sex?
"Ive had my period for almost two weeks. This isn't normal, what should I do?"
Should I discontinue my birth control if it's causing me to have irregular periods?
Nuvaring slipped out during unprotected sex. Am I still covered?
Breakthrough bleeding on the nuvaring. Is this normal?
I left my nuvaring in a week too long. What could happen?
Can you screw up your period cycle by missing the pill?
Myth or fact: parsley make your period come faster?
On which days of my cycle can I get pregnancy after my periods?
What could be causing me to get so much of white discharge from vagina?
"Feel normally so much gloomy and melancholy at nights, especially when I', procrastinating. How to prevent this?"
I gave 2 Enwanted 72 to my gf in a span of 15 days and now she is not getting periods. Help?
Late period after taking unwanted 72. Is this related?
How long can periods be delayed after taking unwanted 72?
"If after having Unwanted 72, the side effects occurs like lower abdominal pain and breast tenderness. Normal?"
Unprotected sex 4 days after her period. Could she still be pregnant?
"Unwanted 72 - side effects: abdominal pain, vomiting, and delayed periods?"
How to tell if it's side effects of the pill or if I'm pregnant?
"My period was late, light and only lasted two days. Should I worry?"
Nipples hurting more than normal. What should I do to soothe them?
Missed 1 pill of microgynon. What could happen?
Depression from microgynon 30. Should I stop?
What can I do to prevent acne breakouts while on the pill?
If I stop taking my microgynon 30 how long after should I start getting my period again?
Can you still get pregnant if you've had untreated chlamydia for a long time?
My vagina smells gross. Is there anything I can do?
What are common std symptoms for women?
Who should I speak to about abnormal vaginal discharge?
Vaginal discharge with odor can be eliminated with yogurt. True or false?
Morning after pill delaying period. Is this a sife effect?
I want to go swimming but I have my period. Is it safe?
Possible plan b fail. What should I do in this case?
Is t okay to orgasm while I have a period?
Cramping 2 weeks before period. Does this sound like ovulation pain? What should I do?
Is it normal for mittelschmerz to last a whole day?
I had my first period the first week of january. I now have dark red blood mixed in with my discharge. What should I do?
Is it possible to get a tubal reversal if it's causing problems?
What does it mean if I'm spotting after intercourse?
What does your body produce more of just before your period?
"Blood results came up that my progesterone level was 14, is that low or high?"
Do low levels of fsh and lh affect levels of oestrogen and progesterone?
"I seem to get sick every month, a week before my period. Why does this happen?"
How long would it normally take for hcg level to go down from 115 to zero?
I'm 7 weeks and 6 days and no sign of heart beat. Is this worrisome?
What could cause my hcg levels to drop and then rise again within a short time period?
"Started bleeding at 4 weeks but tests still showing positive, could I have miscarried?"
I'm planning on switching from depo to implanon. What do I need to know?
How to prevent weight gain while on the contraceptive implant?
Implanon gave me cystic acne! What should I do?
A worrying lump between my groin and thigh. 21 yo female. Help?
Is it safe to drain a bartholin cyst at home?
Hard lump on vagina and leaking discharge. What does this sound like?
I don't know if I had my period last month because I had a bartholins cyst pop around the same time. How to tell?
I felt a lump in my vagina and I'm pregnant. What could this be?
Will I be able to take an sti test whilst on my period?
I got my first depo provera shot and i'm not on my period. Will it still work?
"No period for about a year, accompanied by lower abdominal pain. What could be wrong?"
What are some effective pharmaceutical drugs the can numb any and all feelings?
What can I expect when going in for the first pap smear?
Are thre any alternative medicines for missed periods (menstruation)?
What is the hormone your body produces more of before your period starts?
Can estrogen poisoning cause a rash all over your body?
What are the negatives of anti estrogen?
Which is better: a high estrogen birth control pill from planned parenthood or a womens health clinic?
"Doctor said that they ""no longer recommended high estrogen pills because they stimulate breasts"". What does stimulate mean in this case?"
What can I do to increase appetite and gain weight?
Have always been a small and skinny person. Does this have anything to do with me being a triplet?
How to calm down after witnessing a traumatic accident at night?
Is it true that teenage girls who take birth control have a higher chance of having twins/triplets later on?
What is supraventricular ectopy? Is this serious?
I'm terrified of breastfeeding but really want to give it a try. How should I go about this?
Is it true that women with polycystic ovarian syndrome have a higher risk of twins/triplets?
"Is an irregular period normal after stopping ""the pill""?"
"I've always had random times where I've had really long periods, is this normal?"
"My period won't end, should I take medication for this?"
What kind of breast changes can I expect at 18 weeks?
What are the breast changes during different stages in pregnancy?
"Uterus cramping, foot pain, discharge, late period. What could this be?"
Suffered extreme back pain during labor and now 3 months after pregnancy I experience the same during period?
What would happen if there was a woman that was pregnant and had sex?
Are there any special benefits of masturbation for women?
I get stomach pains every time I drink coffee. What's going on?
"If you've never had kids, can you still get essure?"
I am having intense right breast pain. How to deal with this?
How long until I can start exercising after essure?
What is the age limit to get a hysterectomy?
What could happen if you smoke weed when you're pregnant?
What steps are taken to prevent hemolytic disease of the newborn?
Is blood type solely dependent on your genetics?
Should I be worried about elevated liver enzymes?
Would taking prozac interfere with birth control pills?
Will the anti depressant prozac (fluoxetine) nullify the effects of my birth control pills (necon 1/35)?
Regarding amoxicillin and trinessa birth control pills. How long should I use extra protection when taking both?
Mixed up birth control pill days. What do I do?
Expert opinions about birth control pills?
Copper iud - annoying symptoms! How to treat this?
Bleeding one week after emergency contraception. Is this normal?
Bad reaction to both the combined and mini pill. Are there any viable alternatives?
Are levora and portia basically the same product?
Which is better for birth control: aviane or lavora?
Birth control causing diarrhea. How can I prevent this?
Do reminder pills even work?
What is an effective birth control with higher levonorgestrel than aviane?
Could using birth control affect your hydration?
"Birth control pills causing hives, What do I do please?"
My doctor switched me from sprintec to mononessa without asking me or telling me. Is this legal?
Are the pills alysena the same as aviane in terms of ingredients?
Switching brands of birth control pills. What can I expect?
Why do women stop having their period when they get pregnant?
What are the chances of getting pregnant when taking the plan b pill?
Condom broke & we had sex 2-3 days after my period. Could I have gotten pregnant?
My birth control is causing me to black out and feel weak. What can I do for this?
Hi I have only 2 tables left of nordette 21 pills. Shall I continue with another set?
Semen spilled out from the base of the condom. Could it have leaked during sex?
I had intercourse so I took 4 emergency contraceptives and in 12 hours will again take 4 more. Is this enough?
Is hair thinning a common side effect when on the ortho tri-cyclen birth control pill?
What are the similarities/differences between norplant and depo provera?
Is it possible to get pregnant while on the patch?
I haven't gotten my period in five months. What can I do to induce it?
I'm 18 years old & I am sexually active with my boyfriend . How do I know what type is best for my age?
Havent had my period in 2 months and I'm not pregnant. What is wrong with me?
After first depo shot had sex and took plan b i'm late for period. Possibly pregnant?
I need advice for the plan b pill. When and how should I take it?
What are the chances of becoming pregnant while on birth control?
Could I have been through a miscarriage twice and not know it?
I got my period on march 1st for 5 days and I just got it again and it's only march 14th. What is this from?
Are all birth control pills the same or very similar?
Okay to be taking a prenatal and a multivitamin together?
My wife is depressed and doesn't take her prenatal vitamins. Should I call her doctor?
How many days after conceiving will heart beat of fetus show in sonography?
Can dry coughs during first tremester affect the health of the fetus?
What causes a fetus to be in danger of developing erythroblastosis fetalis?
What does an early miscarriage look like?
What would happen if you took too many supplements?
Back pain with pink urine. What could these symptoms mean?
"If someone got pregnant and then put into a coma, would they still remain pregnant?"
Why would a woman choose to have vaginal birth after cesarean section?
"Are there any safe, natural ways to remove external genital warts while pregnant?"
Missed period after tubal ligation. Should I be concerned?
How does a reverse tubal ligation work?
I got my tubes tied about six months ago and am severely regretting it. How can I get it reversed?
Do women menstruate after having tubal ligation?
What's the most effective birth control or all they all the same?
Do tubal ligation kill a woman's sex drive?
"I 've had a three month continual period, what is going on?"
Is there any way to induce/delay my period?
Can too much stress cause a miscarriage?
I bought parsley for menstruation since my period is late. How do I use it?
What can I do to get rid of menstrual cramps?
I have heard ginger tea will induce a period. I'm getting scared since mine is three days late. Does this work?
Could sex have triggered my period?
What is the reason behind pain during your menstrual cycle/
What exactly does drinking castor oil do for you?
What are some factors to keep in mind when choosing a good ob/ gyn?
Nothing is making my heartburn go away. What should I do?
"I completed my antibiotic 3 days ago, symptoms are coming back. What should I do?"
Is it okay to take postinor-2 twice in a month?
Can postinor-2 really induce your menses?
Is postinor harmful if I'm still a virgin?
Would postinor 2 still be effective if both pills are taken at once?
Do I need to admister another postinor 2 if I had unprotected sex right after the previous complete dose?
What happens if a woman takes postino tabs 3 times within a month?
Are there any side effects on over consumption of the morning after pills?
"After laser eye surgery, what should and should I not do to maintain eye health?"
Should I get glasses if my eyes are beginning to hurt?
What is the best diet recommended for good eye health?
How can I stop my eyelid from twitching?
What does it mean when your eyelids constantly twitch?
Eyelids itch to the point where my lower eyelid swelled up. Could it be because of allergies?
Why could cause my right top eyelid to twitch sometimes?
Could I be getting sick if I'm stressing out too much?
Could you prossibly die from rhinoplasty/blepharoplasty?
"How to get rid of fat pockets underneath eyebrows, and just above eyelids?"
What can I do to get rid of bags underneath my eyes?
Woke up with a swollen upper eyelid. What should I do for this?
Down turned eyes and I hate it! Will eyelid surgery work?
"In laser eye surgery, does the layer that they cut ever grow back?"
Can eye exercises really help to cure myopia?
How can you prevent your vision from regressing after having lasik surgery?
What's the difference between eye surgery and lasik surgery or are they the same?
Why don't more people get lasik? What are the risks?
Will wearing plus lenses for a while correct my myopia?
"If you have the start of a cataract, can lasik surgery help?"
Possible link between sarcoidosis and cervical polyradiculopathy?
Why does blood and deposits of proteins/sarcoidosis in the lungs cause coughing?
What can I do  to stop coughing 24/7? Liver sarcoidosis causing these symptoms?
Is it possible to have sarcoidosis and pulmonary hyertension at same time?
"Is sarcoidosis commonly known to cause pulmonary hypertension, heart failure and cardiomyopathy?"
How long does it take for lamictal to take effect?
Is sensitivity to light a symptom of derealization?
"Spaced out as if in 3rd person, poor memory, snow like vision, and sensitivity to light. Possible derealization?"
I have pernicious anemia and the last few weeks I have been seeing black a lot. Advice?
Is it possible to have vision problems even if your eye power is normal?
Colors appear slightly different from each eye. What could cause this?
My vision is 20-400 and 20-60 with borderline glaucoma. Is there treatment for this?
Diarrhea then nausea and feel like passing out. What is wrong with me?
When is it safe for me to drink alcohol after eyelid surgery?
I got eyelid surgery two months ago and I was wondering if I can drink alcohol now?
Is there such a thing as an 'eye lift'?
How can I fix ptosis in my right eye?
What could cause my eyelids to always be red?
Neck pain and dimming vision. What could be wrong?
What type of diabetes causes you to go blind?
I got bleach in my eye. Help what should I do?
Any risks of wearing colored contacts over prescription contacts?
A blind pimple became very dry from the outside. Is this normal? How to stop it from scarring?
Is it possible to determine whether or not someone's vision is worse than yours by looking through their glasses?
How can I get rid of a longterm chalazion?
I have a red pimple on my eyelid. Had to for over a year now. Where can I go to get it removed?
What are the signs that your chalazion is going away?
Help! red line/dot near tear duct. What does this sound like?
"How to treat a swollen, slight pain, and redness eyelid?"
"I have a weird bump on my eyelid, any ideas on what it is?"
One of my eyes is hooded/droopy. Is this common?
Benefits of doing clap-pushupsover regular pushups?
My eyesight keeps losing focus and going blurry when trying to look at something. Is something wrong?
Skipped my anti-depressant. Should I be worried?
When can you get laser eye surgery?
What to do about consistent headache problems?
Is bad eye sight a mutation in your cells?
Will laser eye surgery help deal with constant eye strain?
Can you feel the pain during eye surgery even when you are under?
"If you are short sighted, do docs recommend the surgery route or just get glasses or contact lenses?"
Feeling like i'm going to pass out but never do. What is the meaning of this?
"I know I'm going to go blind as I get older. Besides eye surgery, are there any other recommendations?"
"I accidentally poked my eye, what should I do? Could it be damaged?"
How to tell if I have a detached retina?
What does it mean when your eyes appear to have become more blurred and less defined in long distance sight?
Left eye going more inward than other eye. How to prevent this from getting worse?
What is a good eye drop solution for treating myopia?
Recommend any visual training to fix near sightness?
Will the pre operative procedures for cataract surgery examine the retina as well?
I get a weird light perception in a dark room. What could this be?
Best way to repair a torn retina?
Bright spots randomly flash in vision. Should I be worried?
Do you have to be conscious when having laser eye surgery?
Is it normal to see dots in your vision sometimes?
Can a genetic disease remain dormant until young adulthood?
What is the treatment for retinitis pigmentosa?
What does it mean if someone has night sweats?
Does retinitis pigmentosa always lead to complete blindness?
"I know that retinitis pigmentosa causes visual impairment and blindness, but will it always cause blindness too?"
"I have uneven pupil sizes, will they ever go back to normal?"
Sharp nerve like pain when anything touches my outer left eyebrow. What is causing this sensitivity?
I've had trichtillomania for an extremely long time and i'm trying to stop. Do you have any suggestions?
My eye is swollen and it hurts when I touch it. What do you suggest?
Do internal hordeolums hurt when getting drained by a doctor?
Is it okay to take cymbalta and buspar together?
Can anxiety medication lead to extreme personality changes?
"My blood pressure is 169 by 104, what shoud I do?"
"My high blood presure is 204/105, does this warrant a trip to the emergency room?"
Is there a natural cure for high blood sugar?
What is best treatment for diabetes type 1?
I feel dizzy and have blurred vision. What should I do?
I am highly diabetic. I need a solution to it. Does a permanent cure exist?
Do you have any tips for fixing a lazy eye?
Can you have amblyopia without having a wandering eye?
Is it still called amblyopia if you have astigmatism in one eye?
What is the relationship between rehabilitate optic nerve and eye muscle?
Can wearing glasses make your vision worse?
If your wear glasses all the time will that affect your vision?
Can amblyopia be fixed in adulthood?
I think I have a lazy eye. How can I tell?
What can be done to treat strabismus?
Could you get a lazy eye from being sick or having a migraine for too long?
Is it possible to have strabismus without having any of the symptoms?
Are you diagnosed as farsighted when he can't see things far?
Is it ok if I wear contact lenses with no astigmatism when I have a high astigmatism?
What are the health risks of breathing in car paint fumes?
Poly or high index for sunglasses? Which is better?
"I have astigmatism -6.00 on both eyes, which would be better: poly or high index sunglasses?"
Can too much eye strain cause blindness?
I get tears in my eyes every 20 minutes or so why does this happen?
Booked an appointment for the eye doctor because I may have a blocked tear duct. Any other doc to see?
How to tell if I have dry eyes or a blocked tear duct?
"I might have a blocked tear duct, what can I do for treatment?"
Meaning of seeing a shiny blurry line in my vision?
Have a friend who needs a cataract removed-has no insurance-no money- where can we find help?
How long do I need to wear dark sun glasses after cataract surgery?
Loss of peripheral vision is a manifestation of what condition?
My eyes have a dark foggy rim around the iris. Should I be worried?
Is there an eye disease which can lead to sight problems in bright light?
Can someone with myopia still be an airline pilot?
I am partially color blind female but neither my parents were color blind. How did this happen?
How can I cure color blindness?
Is color blindness very common?
Which colors can a colorblind person not distinguish?
Is there a vitamin deficiency that could cause color blindness?
Eye stings when I blink but there's nothing inside. What could be wrong?
How long can tonsillitis and conjunctivitis last?
Suffering from glandular fever pains and inability to sleep. Help?
How do I know if I have phthisis bulbi?
What are the symptoms of epiphora?
"My eye is pink, but doesnt hurt or itch. What does this mean?"
What is the most effective way to clean contact lens cases?
How do I clean my contact lens without solution?
Is there a way to store soft contact lens without solution?
What is the best way to keep my contacts safely overnight if I don't have solution?
My contact lens feels too big for my eye what should I do?
Can a corneal abrasion heal naturally on it's own without treatment?
Could a corneal abrasion in the eye cause bacterial meningitis?
Does it matter the method of removal of contact lenses from your eye?
Can corneal abrasion cause an infection in the other eye?
How serious can a corneal abrasion get?
"My eye hurts when I see lights, what should I do?"
What happens during an eye contact exam when getting contacts?
Are eye floaters a medical condition or does everybody experience them at some point?
Eye doc said I had bleeding in my right eye. What does that mean? I'm very scared.
What happens if a diabetic ate only junk food?
Tips on how to improve/preserve my vision?
Is there a cure for diabetic retinopathy?
Is there a cure for diabetes type 1 or 2?
Are there any home remedies for getting eye infections?
I have an eye infection and now pupil is huge. What can I use to lessen the swelling?
What could happen if you were to wear dirty contacts?
What can happen if you wear ripped contacts?
Is it okay to nap with my contacts in?
After surgery I see a bright glare at night when I get up. is this a normal after effect?
Is it bad to wear 'reading glasses' all day if you don't need to?
Is it normal to have eye floaters at a young age?
Is it safe to wear colored contacts for astigmatism?
What do glasses with concave lenses help to correct? Near or farsightedness?
Is it better to wear contacts if I have an astigmatism?
How successful is vision therapy?
Should I keep taking my eye vitamins post surgery?
My upper left eyelid is red and swollen. How to treat this?
Could a chalazion start draining after over five months?
I lost my eyesight for a few seconds. What could have caused that?
How to tell if it's a chemical burn or spreading ringworm?
How good is glycolic acid face wash?
I was having a toothache so I rrubbed some crushed advil on my gums. Might have burned them?
What could be causing my vagina to be burning if I haven't had sex?
The skin on the tips of my fingers seems to be thinning out. How can I prevent this?
What do doctors recommend to treat a chemical burn?
Do chemical burns heal faster or slower than regular scrapes?
Can I still go in the hotub after having an ingrown toenial removed with the chemical burn?
What over the counter creame can I put on a blister?
I've had a nystagmus ever since I was little. What can I do?
Why is it that glaucoma might occur after lensectomy?
Secondary angle closure glaucoma may occur after lensectomy surgery. Why is that?
Can eye pressure leading to glaucoma be reduced with undertaking a heathier diet?
Can wearing glasses help with vision loss caused by glaucoma?
How to deal with eye pain in the middle of the night?
Suggestions on how to unblock an ear?
Eye pain when I see light. Chances of a brain tumor?
"Why would reading for a long time cause eye fatigue, when looking at a distant scene is restful?"
"I have a sore throat , hot flashes , cold chills , burning eyes , fatigue , and a headache with no fever. What does this sound like?"
My eye won't uncross. It's stuck! What should I do?
Is it normal that I see better with glasses instead of contacts?
Can migraines lead to permanent eye damage?
Can using your phone in the dark damage your eyes?
I have constant 'brain fog'. How do I get over this?
Does masturbation have any negative effect on my facial features?
What are some home remedies to help keep me calm and less anxious?
"What is causing me to have ""vertigo"" and a ""rocking back and forth sensation""?"
"Have had this eye floater for a whole day that hasn't moved, how to get rid?"
How do I learn to live with eye floaters?
Can 22 years of strabismus still be corrected with surgery?
Can I wear eye contacts for strabismus?
Is it possible that someone have strabismus without showing having any signs?
What are other alternatives to wearing glasses?
What are the differnt terms for botulism?
How to stay not sick after being outside in the cold?
Stomach sensitivity to cold drinks. How can I get over this?
How to stop flashbacks and hallucinations?
What are the side effects of ambiems?
"Scared I have multiple sclerosis, need any advice/experiences?"
Dark patch in my vision on one eye. What does this sond like?
Is it possible for high beams (especially the bright sports high beams) to damage my eyes or lead to macular degeneration?
What is the most effective way to decrease my shortsighted blindness?
Can an eye exam without eye dilation still tell how healthy your eyes are?
What can I do toincrease the power of my eye sight?
Do antioxidant eye drops work?
What will happen with people with astigmatism wear regular contacts?
Why is it that you can't drink milk with ciprofloxacin?
I have a weird body shape. Is there any way to fix this?
Do I need a separate prescription if I want to get glasses and I'm wearing contacts now?
Eye drops had no effect and the mucus comes back in minutes. What could it be? Infected pink eye?
If you catch pink eye how long until it shows up?
What is subconjunctival hemorrhage?
Does anybody know how safe eye make up is if you have pink eye?
I want to quit smoking but I find it extremely difficult to quit. Help?
Can you get eye cancer from getting cigarette smoke in your eyes?
I have three different colours in my eyes is this a bad thing?
What is the reason behind your irises colors?
Is it possible to tell if someone's pupils have dilated if they have really dark brown eyes?
How long after you go blind do you start losing your eye color?
Why do you start losing your eye color once you go blind?
Can I use another dosage of alcon  Flarex eye drops if I just used it recently?
"Wearing contact lenses of different power, other then the prescription. Will it affect the eye?"
Can I wear contact lenses even though I have a stye on my eyelid?
Got a stye today. is it ok that I wear daily disposable contact lenses tomorrow?
Why do air bubbles form under your contact lenses?
Is it bad to use contact lenses that are expired?
Can wearing contact lenses make my eyes look bigger?
What to expect when going in for eye alignment surgery?
What are the symptoms of occipital neuralgia?
What is this ring thing around my pupil? Is this serious?
I have pink eye on both eyes. What should I do?
How long will my pink eye last after taking medication?
Can bacterial conjunctivitis be treatable?
I have horrrible sore throat and bacterial conjunctivitis that's really bothering me. What can I do?
What is the best treatment for blepharospasms nowadays?
What foods are good for blepharospasms?
"My eye keeps twitching, how do I stop it?"
Cloudy circle in my vision in one eye. What's this sound like?
What could this grey patch in my vision on one eye be?
What do you take if you suffer from anxiety?
Blind spot in left eye and then an extremely painful headache that lasted for about an hour. What's wrong with me?
Zig zag bright lines in vision. What does this indicate?
Constant stye problem! How can I prevent this from recurring?
Could my headaches have anything to do with my bloodshot eye?
How to tell if my sister has toxic shock syndrome?
How does marijuana actually affect your body/brain?
What can cause pulsations in my abdomen?
My daughter is almost 16 and has had no period. What should we do?
I have corneal problems. Can I still wear contact lenses?
How to fix lumps in both axillary regions?
I think I may have botulism. What to do?
Does botulism have anything to do with a brain tumor or is it something else?
"Can clouded eye cataracts, in an 83 year old, be cured without using invasive surgery?"
"After cataract surgery, should you put durezol bromdayand vigamox into your eye?"
Cataracts & glaucoma. How are they related?
Can any one (preferably a optometrist or ophthalmologist) tell me if cataracts make it more diffocult to monitor glaucoma?
Are there any alternatives to cataract surgery?
What's the recovery time for a cataract surgery done by laser method?
"Hi, I am 20 years old. I was planning to get my eye operated by laser method. Will I recover within 2 weeks?"
Can I have cataract surgery if I have really watery eyes?
Is being blind similar to closing your eyes?
Is it possible to have bad peripheral vision and good straight ahead vision or vice versa?
What is a macular cyst? How is it diagnosed?
What does it mean when laser pointers have no effect on your eyes?
"Blurry central vision, what could it be caused by?"
Am I able to use contact eye drops as regular eye drops?
"I bought some clear eyes contacts lens multi-action relief by mistake, can I use it even though I don't need to?"
Need to lose as much weight as possible in the next 4-5 months. What do you recommend?
How do I cure the brown pigments in my eyes?
Will using 'clear eyes' eye drops help with my pinkeye?
I got eye lid surgery and I was wondering why my eyes are crusting in the morning?
Why do we get eye crust?
What could happen if you're constantly putting eye drops in your eyes?
What could cause very mild dizziness with blurred vision?
There is a tiny white dot on my pupil. I noticed I have cloudy vision on that eye as well. What can this be?
What could be making me feel so lost and have weird cloudy vision?
"Is it typical for migraines to be accompanied by ""brain fog"" and cloudy vision?"
"Are pain, swelling and blood in the eye all symptoms of glaucoma?"
"Tear in contact lens, is it still okay to wear?"
Are glasses supposed to correct astigmatism?
How do you lower high eye pressure in teens?
Need expert advice about corneal transplant as treatment for keratoconus?
Can non prescription color contacts damage your eyes?
Could a retina transplant give you 6/6 vision?
Will I ever gain back eyesight in my blind eye?
What is the age requirement to get a corneal transplant?
Is it normal to be able to blur/un-focus eyes at will?
How do I keep myself from going cross-eyed?
How long does it take to fix crossed eyes when wearing glasses?
Is it possible to be too old to wear a eye glasses to fix the crossed eyes?
What can I do to get healthier eyesight?
What are the early symptoms of MS?
What is the most common cause of double vision?
What is diplopia and how does it work?
What could cause severe tingling in neck?
Is there some sort of medical condition that impairs people's vision only for short whiles?
"I think I'm shortsighted, what should I do?"
How can I cure myopia naturally?
"I was hit in the eye, have a blurred vision and feel like something inside my eye. What do you recommend?"
My daughters eyes are minus 175 in both eyes. Is this bad?
What vitamin deficency causes mental confusion?
"If your eye pops out but is still attached by conective tissue, can you still see, or will you have distorted vision?"
Am also still suffering from blurred vision in my left eye and occasional double vision. Are these normal with concussions?
What can cause me to see wavy lines in vision?
I was unable to notice that I have double vision out of my left eye. will the double vision go away on its own?
"What could cause my eyes to ""go out of focus"" all the time?"
Do eye doctors prescribe fernal prism glasses for legally blind eye?
"Jaw pain spread into head and down neck, what could be the underlying problem?"
My ears start buzzing and ringing and my eyesight would get dizzy at some point almost everyday. Reasons?
"I know it isn't a toothache, but when I have pain in my cheek and I press it and triggers tooth pain. What's wrong?"
"Why do I get lightheaded, dizzy and almost pass out every time I try to stand up?"
"Heavy head feeling, dizziness, could this be from stress?"
Why is it that my eyes feel really dry after crying?
Why do my tears burn my eyes when I cry?
Is there any way to reduce the effects of or get rid of extropia?
I have exotropia(right eye turns out). Is it better to wear sunglasses all the time?
I can't get used to contact lenses. What do you recommend?
Ive been having twiches on only the left side of my body. Possible reasons?
Im suffering from dry eye. can not sit in front of computer for more than 1 and half hours in a whole day. Solutions?
What to do to control my severe ocd?
Who should I talk to about my hand-eye coordination problem?
Can someone have eye discharge with a viral pink eye?
How is eye discharge linked to pink eye and not something else?
Should I go back to the er for my corneal abrasion if it's acting up?
Is a brown discharge normal after not having intercourse in a long time?
Clear nasal discharge and excessive tearing. What do I do about this?
Is it possible to heal eye disease naturally?
Does having harmless floaters put me any risk of eye disease?
"I swear I have aspergers, but really unsure. How do I find out?"
What is causing me to see a colored glow around myself?
What is this little yellowish (pus) spot- ball in the white of my eye?
"My eyes gets really tired fast, is there any way to cure this?"
"Unsolved tear duct problem, what are my options?"
Right eye smaller than left. Is this common?
Can you increase vision of eye naturally without wearing lenses and laser technology?
"How to improve long distance eye vision, would eye exercises help?"
I'm 24 n I have a lazy eye. Are there any eye exercises I can do to get them straight?
Any natural ways to help improve eyesight?
Are there really such things as eye exercises to really improve or better yet 'fully' cure my eyesight?
What are the symptoms of crohn's disease?
I sometimes feel like im going blind?
What is the modern equivalent of an eye patch?
"My dad threw his peg tube up, what is gonna happen now?"
Boyfriend has something stuck in his eye and it needs to be surgically removed. Is it a risky procedure?
Can my eyesight be fixed? I have 20/100 vision with glasses.
What are fluanxol side effects?
Long eyelashes causing problems with eyes. What should I do?
What could cause a blurry film to form over your eye?
How to prevent dry eye redness from using the cpu?
Will zoloft actually help with my depression?
I slept in my contacts in and now my eye hurts. What should I do?
Is it possible that lime juice can help reduce eye redness or eye irritation?
Poked my eye (pupil area) with a mascara brush! How do I clean it?
"I took the drug tamiflu and vomitted, is this normal?"
What are the side effects of tamiflu?
What can I use to help with eye redness?
How can I get rid of my eye redness?
Best treatment for eye redness and itching?
Why do you get fevers after tooth extractions?
I have woken up with a blotchy itchy swollen face. What should I do?
I look and feel horrible. I have itchy red blotchy skin and my eyes swell up. What could it be?
"Not feeling well, swollen lips and eyes. What does this sound like?"
What does it mean to have irritation beneath my lower eyelid?
What should I do if my contacts are stuck to my eyeball?
How can I tell if I have retinal detachment?
What can cause blisters on eyelid of toddler's eye?
Is there a way to naturally improve your eyesight or prevent it from being damaged?
What can I do to deal with these permanent spots/acne on my chin?
What could be causing my left eye to wander?
How do doctors fix a lazy eye?
What can I do to hide my lazy eye?
I have a green spot in my field of vision that has remained there for over a day. Why?
What is it called when you're seeing little sparks of light flying around and disappear?
Is there a correlation between head width and your eyesight?
Saw some weird things in my vision before I went to sleep. Happening frequently. What does this sound like?
Will the 'floater' in my eye ever ago away? It's been a week!
Tips on how to make yourself sneeze?
Consultant suspects my son has albinism. I have ocular cutaneous albinism. How to test for this?
What is central serous retinopathy?
Could a person become temporarily blind after looking at an explosion?
Can cone cells migrate inside the retina?
Can too much wanking affect the eyesight in later years?
Could vision loss be due to brain injury?
Hazy vision- possible causes?
"My left eye is blurry on one side, but right eye is fine. What could be wrong?"
Is horner's syndrome curable?
Choronic diarrhea and pain. What can I take for this?
What is the cure for hypertensive retinopathy?
Is it possible to cure hyphema?
Vein suddenly appeared directly under eye. What is this?
What are the early symptoms of internal bleeding in your eye?
Is it possible to cure mental retardation?
Could falling on your tailbone impair your vision?
Any fatal diseases out there where either hearing or sight loss is one of the first symptoms?
Headache after hitting head. What do you recommend?
"I have an intraocular lens, should I still participate in contact sports?"
Is it possible to regain eyesight and not need glasses anymore?
How to tell if this is an allergic reaction to anti-convulsants/anti-seizure type meds?
"My eyes are constantly changing color(yellow,brown,green,blue,grey), why does this happen?"
Could your eye change colors if you were born with brown eyes?
How sucessful is the surgery for glaucoma?
Are there any eye drops that I can use to make my eyesight better?
I was diagnosed with iritis several years ago and would like to know causes and treatments?
Why can flatulence cause the person to have slight stinging in the eyes?
What could be causing my eyes to itch during the night?
Can your body get used to things that you are allergic to?
"Itchy eye, no redness or swelling, what could be wrong?"
Runny nose with no other allergy symptoms every couple of weeks. What could be causing this?
Is it possible to ovulate during period?
Is keratitis a serious condition?
I got keratitis from visiting a 3rd world country. What should I do?
"My friend licked my eye, could I get eye herpes?"
"I rinsed my contact in water, wore them for about 5 minutes. Is this enough to keep it clean?"
How to tell if I am at risk of getting acanthamoeba keratitis or another infection?
"Keratoconus, is there something I can wear to cover the affected eye?"
Is there a link between Keratoconus and corneal collagen?
Is keratoconus a permanent condition?
What is the best solution for kerataconus?
Is itching your eyes by pushing and rubbing on them harmful?
Tired all the time and have bad headaches. What should I do?
Can you have laser eye surgery if you're just a little bit short sighted?
Does laser eye surgery really work? Is there a time limit?
"So I am interested in doing the surgey for astigmatism, do I still have to wear normal contacts after surgery?"
Laser/lasik eye surgery. Is this good or bad?
I had a lazy eye due to getting hit in a fight. Had thought it was a orbital fracture it's not. What to do?
Eyelid half closed problem. How do I fix this?
Consistent headaches behind/in my right eye. What does this sound like?
How to treat a visual migraine?
Can straining your eyes for too long cause a head ache?
Hit head hard 4 days ago. Headache started 2 days ago. High blood pressure w/ nausea & severely dizzy today?
What are possible migraine triggers?
"I get really sensitive when having sleep deprivation, why is that?"
I'm having trouble sleeping. What can I take for this?
"Randomly woke up with pains, loss of vision and sweaty?"
I'm scared I have a brain tumour. Who do I go see?
"Loss of vision, floaters, sometimes pressure on my eyes. What does this sound like?"
What is the cause of having very low vision?
Can carrots really cure catracts and low vision of eyes?
Common side affects after using roaccutane (isotretinoin)?
Tips on coping with nystagmus?
Is tramadol withdrawals common?
How does chloroquine damage your eye?
Why is it that applying eyedrops results in a burning sensation?
"Touric lens problems, who do I talk to?"
When will my nearsightedness stop getting worse?
What can I use to make my eyes stop hurting?
Will my vision ever stop getting worse? Can I do anything to prevent this?
"Was just diagnosed with celiac. If something doesn't make me sick, is it ok to eat?"
Can radiation affect the human eye in any way?
Garlic odor of breath without eating any garlic - what does it mean?
What health benefits are there for your eyes when eating carrots?
I have done lasik surgery for eyes. Can any eye specialist may able to know that I have done the surgery without telling?
Why do I get so dizzy so easily. How do I figure out what's wrong?
Sometimes when I stand up everything goes black in my vision. What could cause this?
Everything kinda goes black and I get dizzy for a second then it kinda fades back into normal vision. Why?
How can I get rid of my glasses and still have normal vision?
Is 22/100 really bad vision?
What does visual acuity mean?
"If you have 20/200, how far can you see?"
Are there any home treatments for nystagmus and/or vertigo?
What happens to your health when you don't get enough sleep?
My eyes won't move smoothly. Help?
My vision shakes horizontally. What can cause this?
"My eyes keep rolling in the back of my head when I concentrate, why is that?"
Can ocuvite help with glaucoma?
Does the supplement ocuvite actually help glaucoma?
Is having no peripheral vision in one eye something to worry about?
"My mom have eye retina problem, almost 80% eye sight has gone and day by day it is reducing. Any solution?"
Natural vision improvements. What do you recommend?
"If you get a eyelid cyst, does that mean your chances of getting another one is high?"
What is the cause of eye hemorrhages?
I have been having joint pain and random sharp pains all over my body. What could it be?
How do I figure out what type of ms I have?
Why is my vision blurry in just one eye?
Got my first ever glasses. Still blurry in left eye though. What to do?
I get my period and after which my left eye stops being blurry. Why?
Can my eyeglass prescription change from day to day?
"Could it be my contacts that is hurting my eye, or is it just my eye?"
Why is that I was told I could only use polycarbonate lenses?
Could an orbital fracture be fixed?
How can I reduce swelling of black eye?
Is it possible for anyone to improve their vision naturally?
Do eye exercises really work?
I am seeing white blobs and white dots in left eye above the nasal bone. What does this mean?
What is the first indicator of increasing intracranial pressure?
I think I have a brain tumor. How do I get this checked out?
Left pupil larger than other. What could be wrong?
Visual field defect in one eye. Is there a cure for this?
Who should I consult about possibly having glaucoma?
Diagnosed with glaucoma: what to expect and treatments?
Is there any way to fix a lazy eye?
I have a lazy eye. People think I am mentally retarded because of it. Is there anyway to fix this?
What can be done for treatment for an extremely dry mouth?
Why is hyperhidrosis caused and can you eat anything to change it?
18 years old and afraid of the dark. What can I do to overcome this fear?
How hard will it be for me to drive if I have glaucoma?
I'm having difficulty putting contacts in; do you have any tips?
Is it good if you don't blink for a long time?
What to do if sweet spot on progressive lens are not at the same level?
What are common symptoms of thyroid problems?
I have a small pterygium in my eye dont have health insurance. Any OTC I can take?
How long does it take to get rid of red eyes after smoking weed without using eye drops?
"I have had pink eye for a couple days now, am I still contagious and should I go to school?"
"Bad headaches, feeling weak, sick, tired. What could be wrong?"
What is the age requirement to get laser eye surgery?
"I'm 1, can I get laser eye surgery without parents approval?"
I have glaucoma and wear glasses. Will I be able to get laser eye surgery?
Does it matter what eye drops you use if you have restore lenses?
Is it safe to drink alcohol while taking restasis eye drops?
"I have dry eyes, what should I use?"
How can I get my eyes to stop watering so much!?
Can exercising help with dry eyes?
I sometimes see worm like things and dots staying in 1 shape slowly move across my eyes. What could this be?
"Rippling line in my peripheral vision, what could it be?"
"Problems with my sight, hallucinations and flashing lights. Possibly going blind?"
Why is it that my sclera is blue?
Could laser surgery/treatment remove floaters in the eye?
Why do I go blind if I move too quickly?
Where can I buy light filtering contacts?
What can I do about my tmj/jaw problems?
"I think I may have meningitis, how do I get it checked?"
"If you have small eyes, would thinning out your face make it better?"
Can one small eye floater have any effect my vision and sight?
Can I get contacts even if I have small eyes?
I think I have ocd or tourettes syndrome. How to find out which?
Is it better to wear your glasses all the time or only when you need to?
Do all pale-eyed people have extra sensitive eyes?
"Help! Something stuck on my eyeball, how do I get it out?"
Eye vessel broke for a few hours now. Is there anything I can do?
Red eye looks like a blood vessel exploded. Is this serious?
"Severe black eye, whites of left eye completely blood red. Should I go to ER?"
Is it true that lunges and squats work for your butt?
"I have severe rheumatoid arthritis pain, what do you recommend?"
"Can I take montelukast, fexofenadine and medrol together for throat infection?"
"I have been constipated for two weeks, with liquid stools. What can I do?"
Today I started my period and took my first birth control pill. Will this stop my period today and then start again when I finish the 21 days?
What can I do for a dry itchy swollen eye and double ear infection?
Had to stop accutane after two months due to allergic reaction?
Allergic reaction to vaccine! What can I do?
Is it possible to have a swollen eye after you get hit by a ball? Ways how to treat it at home?
Best way to treat itchy face and puffy eyes?
I have a eye injection. How do I get rid of it?
"I suddenly got vitiligo skin disease 6 years back. Took lot of treatments, but no use. Any breakthrough recently?"
What are side effects of tears naturale?
How can I cure dry and itchy eye?
Which types of vaccines contain thimerosal in them!?
Got a chalazion after surgery. Help?
"Really red, bloodshot eye, no alcohol or drugs. What could it be?"
Could cosopt or tobradex eye drops cause eyebrow shedding?
Can taking antibiotics lead to dizziness?
Can tobramycin and dexamethasone be used for your ears?
How can I tell if I experienced a seizure or a fainting spell?
"If vision is blurry or you've developed tunnel vision due to glaucoma, could glasses fix that?"
Why am I always tired and sick? How can I help it?
Really need help - feeling guilty about depression/suicidal thoughts. Who can I talk to?
Is it bad to intentionally squint your eyes too much?
What is bleeding in the brain called?
"Sudden lower back pain, headaches, tiredness, spacey, poor concentration, and vision changes. Causes?"
Why am I seeing floaters when I am pregnant?
"I'm having alpha blocker drug (i.e,1/4 of tab hytrin 1mg) at bed time, possible side effects?"
I feel the need to become anorexic again. How to stop this?
Temporary vision loss in one eye. What could be the cause?
Could getting hit in the back of the head affect vision?
How to protect your eyes while using pc?
Can congenital adrenal hypertension lead to severe anxiety?
I have computer vision syndrome and heard that it was temporary. True or not?
Can you get convergence insufficiency corrective surgery?
"Severe headache going into neck, feeling feverish but low body temperature- probable causes?"
What do shrooms do to you? I don't want to take them but my friend does and i'm concerned.. what will they do to her?
Antidepressants causing me to see tints of green. Normal?
Is it normal to experience vertigo during your period?
Why do I still have my headache after taking a couple tylenols?
Seroquel can cause visual hallucinations?
Seeing things that aren't there. What mental issues can cause this?
I hallucinate whenever I get a high fever. Why?
How to tell if I'm developing schizophrenia?
What distinguishes a panic attack from a seizure?
Before dinner I take inositl b-5 vitamin e and at night vitamin a is this okay?
Do all cod liver oils contain omega-3?
How do I clear red marks from acneon my back?
How can I rid of mild acne?
Is it bad to eat 3 oranges in one sitting?
What to do to make eye floaters go away?
My boyfriend has a hole in his retina. What can cause this and how to cure it?
Anyone heard of patients with eye floaters that either got better by themselves or had a successful cure?
Does vitrectomy work for floaters?
What does retinopathy of prematurity mean?
I have a floater in my eye and it feels like a bubble. Is this normal?
Possible to cure retinal damages?
Seeing floating things in my eyes. Should I be concerned?
Is it okay to drink alcohol if you use voltaren emulgel?
How to tell if my boil is nearly ready to drain?
Can I be taking other medicines while on implanon?
Is there anything in voltaren gel that could cause you to fail a drug test?
Taking voltaren with sertraline. Is this okay?
How can I heal a sprained ankle quickly?
What could be causing my neck pain and how can I get relief?
"So I just started working out, and a day after my quads really are sore. Is this normal? How do I stretch it?"
"Where is cod liver oil from, acutal cod fish?"
Expert opinions on effective of laser eye surgery for eye floaters?
Dermatology: sensitive skin problem w/ shaving. What do you suggest?
"Peeing orange,yellow eyes, dizziness, yellow skin color. What does this sound like?"
Yellow eye colour - is it possible or not?
I just put eye drops in my eye and now there's more gunk than ever leaking out. Should I be worried?
Prominent red veins in my eyes. How to reduce?
Is it normal to have darker vision in one eye than the other?
What can I do to get whiter teeth without using chemicals?
Any good whitening toothpaste?
Is it normal to be able to make myself go blind at will?
How does glaucoma cause blurred vision & clear field shrink?
What could it possibly mean if your eye randomly swells all the time?
Conjunctivitis and tonsilitis. Is there a connection?
Does conjunctivitis change your eye color permanently?
Could eye infections/diseases like conjunctivitis cause a depigmentation or a hyperpigmentation in the iris?
Does gonorrhea spread only when one of the partners is already infected with it?
Tired of living with thick glasses. What can I do besides getting contacts?
Persistent blackhead problem. How can I overcome this annoyance?
I think I might have adhd. Do I need to get tested for medication?
How can I tell if I have eyelash mites?
I have a bump underneath the eyelid. Is this a stye?
Is there any way to make your eyelashes grow back fast?
Can using the waterline and blinking out contacts lead to damage to the eye?
Do you need to have a prescription for colored contacts?
How to treat ptosis of the upper and lower eyelid?
Is it safe to take ibuprofin if I have bleeding in the sclera?
Is it possible to fix broken capillaries in your eye?
Wearing black scleral lenses for a costume. Could it damage my eyes if worn for too long?
Have a scratched eye. Who should I see for this?
Is it possible that valve problems and septal defects are silent?
I have been told I have a heart murmur but I don't know what kind it is. How to test?
Taking halodrol at 20 years old. Will it stunt my height growth?
"Eyesight deteriorating rapidly, what can I do to prevent this or slow it down?"
I sprained my ankle. Best treatment for this?
Can smoking weed lead to anxiety attacks a few days later?
How to stay calm when your life plan changed suddenly?
Is it possible to have mono more than once?
"Hit my all-time low, od'd on barbiturates. Don't how to go on now?"
Whenever I laugh my mouth natually stays closed. Is that weird?
I'm unhealthy and I hate my life. How do I turn it around?
Does extra virgin olive oil make a difference in your health?
Do your eyelashes grow back naturally?
Does having gerontophobia run in the family (fear of growing old)?
Is it true that lutein interferes with birth control?
What good mental health vitamins do you recommend?
"How can I improve my eyesight without glasses, contacts, or surgery?"
Seeing sporadic yellow flashes of light. What does this indicate?
Seeing bright yellow flashes in the corner of my eye. Is this a sign of retinal detachment?
See a little bump on the white part of my eye. If it is a pinguecula then how do I get rid of it?
The white part of my eye became yellowish color. What is this?
I did blood test and it ruled out jaundice. Can some one tell me what could cause my eyes to turn yellow?
"I see yellow in the corners of my eyes, what is this?"
"I may have pinguecula, help what do I do now?"
Is pinguecula fatal?
"I just noticed I have a little tiny bump on the white part of my eye, could it be pinguecula ?"
Little bump on the cornea of my eye; does this sound like pinguecula?
Clear long lump/bump on eye starting from the side to the iris. What could this be?
What can cause a bump on the white of the eyeball?
What could cause glaucoma besides the intraocular pressure?
How does rubeosis cause secondary glaucoma?
"I have a dry eyes problem, is it still safe to have lasik?"
My eye is burning and itching and now has a weird shape. What is this?
Is it normal to cry when you're really angry?
"I don't get it. Whenever I get really angry, my eyes tear up a lot as if I was crying. Why does it do that?"
I just noticed a tiny growth next to the tear duct on my left eye. Any idea what might it be?
My right ear is ringing and feels clogged and my hearing in my right ear is different. What is treatment for this?
My eyes always get watery and starts to burn! Help?
"Besides alcohol, what causes cirrhosis of the liver?"
Can someone get cirrhosis without being an alcoholic?
Watery eye every 2 minutes and runny nose. What sickness is this?
What could this yellowish/clear/watery discharge/fluid coming from my ears be?
How can I relax in school and get through the year faster without anxiety?
Why am I allergic to the mail? Or is it just to the materials?
Eyes started hurting for a while after putting in eyedrops. Please suggest a solution?
Is it safe to take tetrahydrozoline with diphenhydramine?
What does it mean when your eyes keep watering? What causes it and what prevents it?
What can I do to lessen the redness on my pimples?
Remedies to get rid of spot redness overnight?
What is the best over the counter stye medication?
My stye eye is really burly today. Why is it getting bigger?
"Small, painless, unnoticeable lump on my lower eyelid. How can I remove this?"
Can stye in the eye indicate some sort of cancer?
Should I still be wearing my retainer after all this time?
How do I know if I need to tighten my orthodontic braces more often?
Any tips for orthodontic braces wearers?
Do I need to remove my orthodontic braces if I'm about to have an operation?
What is the best joint care supplement to take following hip replacement?
What should I do or what will happen now if I have a recalled hip implant?
How do I get my index finger joint replaced?
Which is better: fusion or artificial joint replacement for hand finger joint?
Is it still safe to have basal thumb arthritis surgery in your 40's?
Left side of jaw hurts and don't know why. What do I do?
How long does it take to get acl reconstruction surgery done?
Pain on patella (front of knee) 4.5 months post acl reconstruction. How to ease the pain?
What can I do to stay fit after having an acl reconstruction?
What could be the reason behind my knee feeling so stiff and sore?
What can I expect when going in for acl surgery?
2 weeks post acl reconstruction and I've still got swelling. Is this normal?
Tips on someone in post acl and meniscus tear surgery care?
Nervous for acl surgery with patellar graft. What can you tell me to ease anxiety?
What's the best exercises to help me lose weight if I have an injury?
What knee injuries typically require surgery to fully repair?
I think I just popped my knee out. What do I do next?
I have injured my knee once before I tore my meniscus. My knee really hurts what should I do?
"After acl meniscus surgery, how can I keep from bothering that area?"
Solutions to fix a hurt knee?
Is it true that prescription knee braces are really better than the over the counter variety?
Leg wont straighten after acl surgery. Normal?
Will I ever play sports again if I had an acl and mcl tear?
Knee popped during soccer. Could it be injured?
"Torn mcl but knee keeps popping in the back, could it be something more?"
"I have bilateral osteoarthritis in my left knee. My knee gets stuck when I bend it, is this related?"
What to do for ankle arthroscopy post surgery pain?
Cortisone shot in hip and a possible acetabular labral clip tear. How to proceed?
Is my knee still hurting a year after surgery normal?
My wrist crackes and it really hurts. What do you suggest I do?
I have a loose kneecap and a plica in my knee. Could the loose kneecap be irritating it?
How long does it take to heal from a plica excision?
What causes my knees to lock up?
What kind of specialist should I see about my long term joint pain?
What are the most common symptoms of bone cancer?
Severe pain behind knee. Should I consider ACL surgery?
Tore my acl on my high school basketball team. Will I be able to play again?
Reinjured a past torn acl. Can surgery fix it again?
"I have an acl injury in my knee 5 years ado, and m still not able to bend my knee more than 90 degrees?"
"I'm a 23 yrs old dhd ( double hip disarticulation) amputee girl, but I can't sleep because of the amputation. How to sleep normally again?"
Accidentally injected with lethal injection solution and animal blood. What could happen?
I'm so scared. Could I lose my leg because of diabetes?
What is the best option to get rid of penile papules?
Will an ingrown fingernail heal by itself?
"L4-l5 mild buldge, minor facet arthropathy, minor bright signal in the central inferiour annulus mild annular. Meaning?"
Undiagnosed severe back pain. What do I do now?
Any benefits of a fixed prosthesis?
What does it feel like to have a herniated disc?
What exercises can I do if I have a back injury?
I have a herniated disc l4.& l5 s1 with a lot of pain! Will a back brace help?
How to heal a herniated disc for a teenager?
"Clear x-ray, clear c.t scan but still have noticable discomfort under the curve of my left rib cage. Reasons?"
I had surgery 4 weeks ago for a herniated disc and now my back hurts really bad. How can I get rid of back pain?
My left hip bone is hurting out of nowhere. What can I dp?
What are the health risks of too much calcium intake?
Bone loss on bottom front teeth. Is there any way to reverse?
Why does my hip hurt when I am sitting for just a short period of time?
Severe pelvic pain for 4 days. What do you recommend?
What could cause lower back pain and hip pain on both sides upon standing and walking?
Is there any quick relief for lower back/hip pain?
Is hip pain a common symptom of herpes?
Is my hip pain now (23) related to my clicky hips as a baby?
What are the different kinds of hip replacement implants? What differentiates them?
What should be the proper care for hip replacement implants?
What are the important factors of proper care after having hip replacement surgery?
How long does the pain after the hip replacement surgery usually last?
When and how does hip replacement complications happen?
Will I be able to get back to work right away after hip replacement?
How long do you have to stay away from physical actvities after hip replacement?
Is it usual to have groin pain after having a hip replacement?
I have had a hip replacement and am now having pain with my menstrual cycle. Is this related?
Can you safely have a open mri while sitting up?
What is the best way to get rid of waist fat?
What are some exercises that target the mid and lower back areas?
Does water therapy actually work?
Broke tibia following a fall from a bike. Haven't treated it and it's been 2 weeks. Should I?
I broke my leg about 4 years ago and it still hurts. What can I do for the pain?
What's the recovery time after having knee arthroscopy operation?
"""Acl detached from notch and scarred to pcl."" Can someone translate for me please?"
Is it okay to get knee meniscus arthroscope while on period?
"Im having a knee arthroscopy soon, will I be under or fully awake?"
I fell at basketball on my knee and now there's a knot like bump on it. It's right below my knee cap. How to make it better?
What workouts can I do to to tone my lower body?
Best homoeopathy medicine for shoulder joint pain?
My father is suffering from knee joint pain. Please suggest possible treatment?
Recommend some sneakers to avoid knee joint pain during workout?
What are the symptoms for having a torn tissue in the knee?
Is there any side effect of using the treadmill?
"Knee ache on both of them, very painful! How to alleviate the pain?"
"I have two very painful knees and I don't know how to get rid of the ache, when I try standing it up it hurts, any ideas?"
I think I have a knee injury but I have no idea what it could be. How do I figure out?
What should I do about my swollen knee?
My knee locked up doctor said it was a sprain 2 months later and still hurts?
"What does it mean when you feel like you're, falling but aren't actually?"
My fibula keeps dislocating. How do I stop this?
"I have twisted my knee earlier today and it feels loose and uncomfortable, what should I do?"
My left knee really hurts and I think I might've torn my meniscus. What now?
I have knee pain when I exercise. Should I wear something?
Any expert advice on bunion surgery?
Knee pain when trying to walk or fully extend. What does this sound like?
Is it possible to damage acl while you are asleep?
My knees hurt when I bend them and also when I pull my legs up on my bed. What could be the reason behind this?
"What are symptoms of having ""water on the knee""?"
"Upper knee stiffness but not much pain, what should I do?"
What is astro arthritis and how can it be treated?
"I want to start taking hgh to grow taller, would you recommend it?"
Sharp pain on the inner thigh just above my knee. What's this sound like?
When will it be okay for me to start playing lacrosse again after my knee injury?
My knee keeps collapsing due to loose ligaments. How can I fix this?
"Pain in the side of my knee when it is bent, what could be wrong?"
How long does it normally take to heal a leg fracture?
How to tell if it's compressed disc or multiple sclerosis?
How does pvd and myocardial infarction affect one another?
What might be causing my legs to cramp only at night?
My mother says my kidneys can cause leg cramping. Is that true?
Does working out stunt your growth?
"Is it possible docs say one of your bones isn't broken, but it really is?"
Is it possible for a lot of swelling to hide a hairline fracture?
How to deal with pain on lateral side of knee?
Is it possible for my knee to be better after acl surgery than it was before the actual injury?
About how long until I can sprint again after acl surgery a week ago?
Just had a meniscectomy- when can I start to run again?
Could being on my period during and mri with contrast have any effects?
What can I do for sharp upper left abdominal pain?
Clay-colored stool and gallbladder issues. What doc should I speak with?
"Stomach pain (especially after eating), weakness, frequent bowel movements, severe acid reflux. What can I do?"
Bad stomach pains and weird gurgling noises from stomach. What does this sound like?
Gallbladder removal but still having problems. What can I do now?
What are the signs of a hair line fracture?
Pelvis fracture pain. How long does it take to fully recover?
What are good ways to exercise my ankle/leg before I start walking again after a broken fibula?
Effective exercises for ankle/leg before walking after broken leg?
How to help a 45 year old who has degenerative spine disorder and multiple fracture hips?
How much muscle does disuse muscle atrophy make you lose in a day? A week?
"After an eating disorder, will your muscles restore themselves through diet alone?"
What's the difference between an mri and an xray?
Severe musculoskeletal pain. What can I talk to to diagnose what is wrong?
What do growing pains actually feel like?
Can blood work and ct scan of abdomen/pelvis and chest rule out cancer accurately?
How long until the swelling from a dislocated knee goes down? It's been a couple days since the dislocation.
Is it normal that my knee cap pops occasionally?
"Pinching pain in my shoulders, what could be the cause?"
"I have pain in my shoulder, should I get it checked out? Who do I consult?"
Do rhinoplasties make any serious changes?
Pain in the middle of the chest. Should I get it checked out or take some painkillers?
"How to tell if I sprained my ankle, broke a bone in my foot, or something else?"
Best treatment for shoulder muscular pain?
"Tore my acl again, what can I do this time?"
What is the outlook of a torn rotator cuff if left untreated?
How can I cure patellar tendonitis (jumper's knee) as soon as possible?
Can laser hair removal cause skin damage?
My clitoral hood sticks out and I hate it. Is there anything I can do?
What are the causes of a person staying on a ventilator for over 3 weeks?
Right side rib area pain even though I had no injury?
What could be cause of severe chest pains? Who should I seek help from?
I got kicked in the ribs and now they really hurt. Could it be a fracture?
I have a sharp pain under my left rib cage. Anything I can take for this?
The ribs are higher on the right then my left. Is this normal?
Could i have gotten scoliosis from playing tennis?
Do you tend to have reduced lung capacity because of scoliosis?
"If you have scoliosis, what is the curvature of your spine?"
Can untreated scoliosis lead to health problems later in life?
How do you get off opiates without using other drugs?
Can you offer tips on how to resist relapsing when withdrawals occur?
Can I still run with a rotator cuff injury?
Rotator cuff injury - should my husband consider surgery?
Is it possible that an injury elevated high blood pressure?
Are people usually awake for arthroscopic rotator cuff repair surgery?
Can you request to get a local anaesthetic instead of a general anaesthetic?
How to deal with rotator cuff tears and pain?
My right rotator cuff is either torn or stretched and the pain is incredible. How do I explain this pain to someone?
Which is better: Physical therapy vs muscle activation therapy following arthroscopic shoulder surgery?
Possible broken knuckles. What should I do now?
Can picking your skin cause joint pain?
Is mrsa (methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus) resistant to all penicillin drugs?
So I was diagnosed with shoulder bursitis a few months ago. What are the chances of it recurring?
What injuries would require a sling to treat?
Do calcitriol+calcium tablets have any adverse effects with electral?
"I separated my shoulder, in the ac joint. Should I sling it up?"
Could rotator cuff tendinitis eventually cause a rotator cuff tear?
What is an oblique spiral fracture and how can it be treated??
Terrible arm pain years after spiral humeral fracture. What do you suggest?
When can I go back to workout again after my I broke my arm?
Feeling a popping sensation where I had a spiral fracture in my toe 3 yrs ago. What could it be?
I have 2 fractures in my ankle and am wondering what my future holds? More pain?
"Spiral fractured my fiblua 3 weeks ago, my wedding is in 9 weeks. Will I be able to wear high heels?"
Broken ankle only 65% healed after 8 weeks. Why?
What can I do to improve poor circulation?
Loose rubber band feeling in lower calf. What does this sound like?
What does it feel like to have shin splints?
What can I do to help a deep cut heal faster?
What can I do to stop my leg from hurting?
I think I have a stress fracture in my foot. What is the best treatment for this?
How to tell if I am fully healed of a stress fracture or not?
Can you still dance if you have a stress fracture?
What do doctors do for stress fractures ?
How can I tell if I have shin splints or a stress fracture?
How can I treat my swollen arm which was caused by me missing my vein while injecting meth?
I have a open wound in my arm and for days my arm hurts and it's swollen all down my arm. What should I do?
My wrist is messed up with tendinitis?
"Swollen red area in lower arm, what could this be?"
"I've had knee tendinitis for years, is there anything I can do now to treat it?"
"Hands and feet hurt, really tired. What should I do?"
I had tendinitis on my upper right arm. Can my problem be corrected?
Can I take naproxen for stomach pains?
Need help regaining flexibility in right arm. What do you recommend?
How to still play tennis if I have tennis elbow?
I have tennis elbow in my arm now my shoulder hurts too. Is this normal?
Is tennis elbow the same as having tenosynovitis?
What shoul I do to heal tenosynovitis?
Can de quervains tendinitis lead to pain in bicep and forearm?
Think I might have de quervain's tenosynovitis from tennis. Is there treatment for this?
In which cases should steroid injection be given?
What are some complications of total hip replacement while recovery?
What are possible complications of soft bone after total hip replacement surgery?
Why was the depuy asr was recalled?
Clicking hip after thr. Is this normal?
Why is my hip popping out of place and grinding all of a sudden?
Knee replacements - should I get one at a time or both together?
"What does ""angry kneecap"" mean?"
I had a total knee replacement four weeks ago after which I had a hematoma severe bruising. Is this related?
Knee pain for over 3 years. What can I do?
Can the entire femur bone be replaced when getting a total knee replacement?
"Symptoms: sucidal thoughts, deep depression, high anxiety, random crying & bad emotions. Help?"
My posture is completely messed up. How do I improve it?
"My posture is really bad, I have winged scapula and the inward curve of my lower back goes to far in. What can I do?"
Random winging scapula with no previous trauma. How is this possible?
Safe ways to exercise if suffering from a winged scapula?
"How can I exercise and lose weight safely, with a winged scapula?"
What doc should I see to fix winged scapula?
Will the fake knee replacement also fix my knock knees so I have straight knees?
Possible causes of unbearable knee pain and how to treat?
Would knee replacement be the only solution to the badly damaged cartilage tissue in knee?
What causes knee pain with crossed legs?
"2 years after patella dislocation, pain when trying to straighten knee. How to get over this?"
How to tell if I dislocated my patella?
Suspected hamstring tear. What should be the first step?
How to treat a swollen lump on knee? Cold or hot?
"Might have torn my meniscus again, wouldn't I feel it at that moment?"
Tips on how to build leg muscles?
I had reconstructive knee surgery on my acl 4 months ago I feel great but doc says knee is still loose? Meaning?
How long does it normally take to recover from knee surgery?
Can surgical screws split bones upon impact?
Heard if I lose weight my knee will stop hurting. Is this true?
Could I become disabled after knee surgery?
"I absolutely hate exercise, but I am desperate to lose weight. What do you suggest?"
"Is there a rare bone disease that would cause scoliosis, hip dysplasia, tibial torsion and in-toeing or are they all unrelated?"
Can you get hip dysplasia again a year later?
My hip pops everytime I walk. What could it be?
I fear I might have osteoarthritis. What would the symptoms be?
Medical professionals to see if knees are shot?
Why is it that lots of people re-do lateral release surgery on their knees?
What does residual/recurrent left central/subarticular l5/s1 disc protrusion mean?
"Why do I have knee pain, but it doesn't hurt once I put pressure on it?"
Can you get knee arthritis at just 20 years old?
What are some signs of  early stages of arthritis?
Type ii slap tear repair: is it an overnight surgery?
What is the normal recovery time for hip labral tear arthroscopic surgery?
Have abnormal bone structure. What can be done to fix this?
How long does an mri take to complete if looking at the shoulder?
Inner shoulder pain when throwing a ball. What could be the cause?
"Torn labrum, surgery or no surgery for treatment?"
Tips on how to get my knee back to normal after a patellar dislocation?
Best way to treat a buckled arm / fracture?
How to tell if my arm is fractured or just badly bruised?
How to tell if I have a hip impingement?
Uneven shoulders after scoliosis surgery. Any way to fix this?
Is it bad to do gymnastics for scoliosis?
What are spinal fusion operation risks?
I have low back pain for last 4 years increasing. What can I do for this?
I am going to have a physical exam tommorow I have not had one for 2 years(19 now). What can I expect?
Exercises I can do if I have a broken back?
Does my dry skin have anything to do with a broken back?
Is it possible to have broken your back and not realise it?
Is it possible to recover from a broken back?
"I do not feel a desire for pooping! It's been a week, what is wrong?"
What can I do for this awful neck pain?
"Slept on my neck wrong, back neck pain and weird. How can I treat this?"
Is there a chance that a 13 year old boy could have high blood pressure?
"Some physical problems, like sweating after eating, sometimes neck pain, heavy/strong pulse rate.Should I get checked?"
"Depersonalization disorder. Please help. Suffering so bad, what can I do?"
"Im having back and neck pains, possible pregnancy symptoms?"
Why am I left with debilitating nerve damage after a non complicated fracture of my 5th metatarsal over 16 mths ago?
What do you recommend to make your upper back stronger?
Spinal surgery 3 weeks ago and need help?
Will physio therapy really help me with my back injury?
"If somebody undergoes surgery for severe spinal trauma, what would their post-op recovery position be?"
"Severe, chronic cervical (neck) pain radiating to shoulders and down into arms. What does this sound like?"
What gym/workout activities are safe for congenital spondylolisthesei at l5-s1?
"I got lower left back pain, left buttocks pain and left leg pain. Nothing on right side. What is this?"
Leg ache and buttocks pain? What could this pain be?
"Hip and outer thigh pain, what does this sound like?"
How to treat lower back pain/upper butt pain?
What can I do about my back injury?
Are there treatments that can quicken my left lower back injury in a week? Should I see a doc?
What can I do if I have repeated back injuries? How can I prevent this from happening again?
What are some conditions that lock the feet/toes together?
What can I take to stop this neck pain?
I just got some water splashed into my face today from a car. Possible I got naegleria fowleri from it?
I think I might have tourettes. What do I do?
How can I get rid of this pain in right abdomen?
Lower back pain and pain in right side for months. What do you suggest?
How to tell if it's implantation bleeding or period?
Is it safe to go to sleep after head injury?
"I got whiplash in my own shower, what should I do?"
How long can symptoms last for a concussion?
Fractured fibula&sprained ankle but want to work out. Is this a good idea?
Severe lower back pain on right side that only occurs at night! What does this sound like?
Can you suggest some workout tips I can do at home?
What is the latest treatment for degenerative disc disease?
Head/neck injury from a fall. What should I do?
I think I may have gotten whiplash during muay thai training. Any ways to fix this?
"I have to sit on a computer most of the day and it causes me to hunch over, what to for better posture?"
Can whiplash cause numbness or tingling in the body?
Neck cracking after whiplash. Is this normal?
I clicked my neck and felt light headed and now my neck is in pain. What does this sound like?
Who can I talk to to get rid of back problems?
I heard chiropractors can fix neck and back problems. True or false?
Why do I have lower back pain and numbness on the left side and right side?
What can I do to get rid of lower back strain asap?
Got a terrible back strain. I can't even cough. What should I do?
Backache and spotting? Am I getting my period anytime soon or is it bec of the birth control?
What could these bumps on my areola be?
Urine pain and burning only in the morning?
"Severe abdominal pain, back pain, spotting, bleeding shortness of breath. What do these symptoms indicate?"
I have left lower back pain after I started lunges and squats. What can I do for this?
Severe back pains all the time. Do I need to take painkillers everyday?
"Severe headaches, joint pain and tingling sensation. What does this sound like?"
"I have always been a normal low blood pressure, then suddenly the past two weeks it has been extremely high. Causes?"
Trapped nerve pain in shoulder getting worse. What do you recommend?
Are benefits of yoga scientifically proven?
Is it safe to quit norco cold turkey?
Is there anything I can do to stop my boobs from growing?
Physiotherapy but it doesn't seem to help I have a spinal inlinegmant in my back and a curved spine. What should I do?
Lower back pain and can click spine from bottom to top. What should I do?
What is the best supportive foot ware?
What is the best treatment for left curve spine?
"Everyday I feel a lot of muscle aches, my knees joint hurts, my body is always clicking. What could this be?"
What can I do to get good posture?
How to treat a slouched posture?
Possible causes of a curved spine?
Is it possible to get a hernia in your back?
"Rash on legs, bum and hips. What can I do to treat this?"
How long will the incision in a micro discectomy hurt after getting surgery?
What is fibular hemimelia?
Is bad posture permanent? Can it be fixed?
My vertabrae have collapsed forward. Possibly kyphosis. Is there anyway that the vertabrae will move back?
How to tell if I have tinnitus?
Can my kyphosis be cured non-surgically?
What are good over-the-counter drug for back pain?
"Is it possible to get through life with a complete absence of core strength, due to kyphosis?"
Why is there no cure for scoliosis?
Severe lower back injury for no reason. What should I do?
Can weak abdominal muscles lead to back pain?
Sore back after the bench press. How should I stretch this out?
"Is ""lumbar lordosis"" an unfavorable state in the back or is this the normal in everyone?"
Is it possible to never have a growth spurt?
Can lordosis be cured?
Does too much smoking lead to lower back pain?
I am suffering from lumbar spondylosis with l4-l5 and l5-s1 issues. Is surgery absolutely needed?
Im having lower back pain on my right side. Ideas of what could be wrong?
Lumbar strain recovery. How long does it usually take?
Is there a treatment for a 7th cervical neck fracture?
What are the possible reasons to need an asr revision surgery?
"My fiance has had severe neck and shoulder pain with headaches, any ideas what could be wrong?"
My head hurts so bad pretty much everyday and advil and tylenol can't even help it. Why is that?
Kink in neck where I can't move it right. What can I do?
Numbness taking over right side of body slowly. What could it be?
I was misdiagnosed and have a ruptured disc. How did this happrn?
After a root canal will the dentist prescribe pain medication? What kind of med?
I take 5mg for a ruptured disk? Will the dentist give me anything stronger?
Will the dentist prescribe me percocet for my root canal?
How can I treat sciatic nerve pain in my outer thigh?
Does a sciatic nerve pain ever go away if you get pregnant?
Are there any effective cam treatments for sciatic nerve pain during pregnancy?
I am a mess have lots of pain. I want good pain medication. Suggestions?
What's a good sciatic nerve pain reliever?
What can I do to get rid of chronic knee pain and sciatic nerve pain?
How to tell if it's a blood clot or sciatica or a muscle cramp?
My left leg keeps giving out. Why is it so weak?
Can sciatica cause a burning sensation?
"Is it normal to get dizzy, nauseous, and back pain if you are drinking during period?"
"Extremely nauseous at the smell of anything, I got dizzy, and had severe back pains. What does this sound like it could be?"
Have acidity and low blood pressure. What should I eat?
I think I have grade 4 spondylolisthesis. Is there any way to cure this?
Any effective treatments for marfanoid hypermobility weakness?
"What is ""pars entrapment""? How to treat it?"
I have a mild spondylolisthesis. What kind of treatments should I consider other than spinal fusion?
What can I expect when having a spinal misalignment?
Who to talk to to figure out the cause of my lower back pain?
Can massage therapy relieve the symptoms of cervical spondylosis ]?
Can anyone tell me details of smoking that leads to lumbar spondylosis?
Anything I eat gives me a tingling pain behind ear and jaw. What can I do?
Feel slight pain in my neck. I also have cervical spondylosis. What could be wrong?
Best cervical spondylosis treatment?
I have spondylosis and spondylitis. Is there any hope for me?
Would doing pole dancing help me to keep fit?
What are the most common symptoms to clinical depression?
Upper back pain and sore sholder blades at night while sleeping. How to I stop this?
Upper back pain when inhaling. What does this sound like?
I feel like my muscles are getting weak and my joints hurt. How can I fix this?
Upper back pain while and after eating. What could be the cause?
How to prevent upper back pain when exercising?
Compression fracture to lumbar vertebrae. How would this be fixed?
What are some good ab exercises that don't strain the back?
"What complications can arise from minor scoliosis, spine curvature?"
So I am 21 and was wondering if it was possible for the curvature of my spine to get worse as I age?
Is lifting heavy objects safe for people with scoliosis?
Is surgery the option or not from an auto accident and broke spine?
Severe tailbone pain. What can I take for this?
Bone sticking out from back after surgery. Is it supposed to be like this?
What should I avoid eating when recovering from back surgery?
I'm having back surgery tomorrow and really worried. OCan you offer me some helpful hints on how to go?
How do I overcome this horrible withdrawal from oxycontin and oxcodone?
Amitriptyline (endep). my doctor wants to put me on it. Any side effects?
Could arm numbness propably be due to a compressed nerve!?
How to treat raw pain at the crown of skull?
How fast have you seen someone with a broken cervical disc heal?
"I had disc replacement in my neck, at c5/c6. How long until full recovery?"
What could cause sciatica pain in my hip?
What should I do when medication isn't enough for a herniated disc?
My brother has neurogenic bladder. What is the best treatment for this?
What is the best treatment for spinal stenosis for a male?
What is spinal stenosis and how is treated?
"Bone spurs in my neck, a couple bulging discs and mild spinal stenosis in my lumbar. Could this cause a pinched nerve?"
I have severe inside pain in my butt cheeks and it's right down my legs. Also severe pain in my shoulders?
Yoga for beginners. What do you recommend?
Will I still be able to play sports with a pinched nerve?
Pain on the on inside of feet that comes and goes. Sometimes it hurts even when doing nothing?
Woke up with numbness on one side of my body. Possible causes?
What is the reasoning behind a pinched nerve?
Tired of having muscle aches all over. Suggestions?
How to treat a pinched nerve in my neck?
Can you feel the bleeding from a chronic subdural hematoma?
Can chordoma cancer be the cause of the pain that I'm having below my tailbone?
Pilonidal cyst after lancing. How long until the bump goes away?
Best ways of getting rid of pilonidal cysts?
I have a weird hole on tailbone help please?
"I have a pilonidal cyst, what do you recommend?"
Should I see a doctor about my coccydynia?
"How to tell if it's a Pilonidal cyst, boil, or other?"
Upper back pain radiating to the front and nausea. What does this sound like?
"What does ""t12-l1 l1-l4 no focal disk herniation, significant central canal or neural foraminal narrowing"" indicate?"
Is it common to take lovenox during back surgery?
I am having severe sciatica pain & also in the groin area making it is difficult to walk & sometimes my leg buckles?
Can my dad go on a flight after a laminectomy?
"Musculo skeletal system disorder, what do I need to know about this?"
Ibuprofin: how long does it take to relieve pain?
"Orange, cloudy, liquid like stool. What could be wrong?"
I have a bump and my tailbone hurts really bad. What do you recommend?
Most common causes of hip and tailbone pains?
My tail bone has been hurting for a few days. Whenever I sit down or lay it hurts. What could be wrong there?
I think I have coccydynia. How do I tell?
Comon symptoms of a herniated disc?
Pressure in ovaries and lower back pain. What could this indicate?
"I go through phases of diarrhea, combined with extreme fatigue. What could be wrong?"
"Scheuermann's disease, how is this caused?"
How long do young teenagers generally need to sleep per night?
I have fractured my back. Should I go to the ER?
Random recurring pain in back of neck. Who should I talk to about this?
"CT scan found a lesion on my liver, a 6mm nodule on my lung, 2 tracheal lymph nodes 1cm each?"
Can a radio-frequency ablation be performed on vertebrae facets that have had a fusion?
How to tell if it's a butt spasm or herniated disc?
How will taking 10mg of flexeril (cyclobenzaprine) make me feel?
My lumbar/lower back region aches after walking for a short time. How do I prevent this?
Hollow sound on left side of back ribs. Could this require urgent attention?
What is wrong with my ribs? I can't breathe!
Would a chiropractor be able to help my sciatica?
I have lower back hip/butt pain and when I bend my lower back cracks everytime?
My joints crack so much. How can I prevent this?
"My neck cracked and now it hurts to move it, what could have happened?"
What does neck cracking do for severe stiffness?
I can taste blood when I cough. What could it be?
I was diagnosed with a spinal tumour in august which is benign. Is this still a problem?
What are the signs of a spinal tumor?
I think I have symptoms of a spinal tumor. What tests would I need to take?
What are common ovarian cancer symptoms?
"I get really sick on my period, am I lacking some sort of nutrition?"
"My leg popped while doing the splits, what should I do?"
"Chest pain, belching, along with pain/jolt in the arm, numbness or tingling, sometimes pain in the neck or jaw: why?"
"Severe headache with occasional lightheadedness, sudden pain through the left arm, numbness in legs?"
Severe neck and upper back pain. Tips on how to treat this?
"What is right arm numbness, shortness of breath and light headed when I walk upstairs?"
What is the difference between a panic attack and a heart attack?
"How harmful is the synthetic drug spice: ""potpurri""?"
Arm tingling when having sex. This never happened before?
Lower back pain and need help. What do you suggest?
Lower back pain from practicing martial arts. How can I prevent this?
Gymnastics lower back pain. Is it still safe to comepte?
Left s1 nerve root within the lateral recess against the l5/s1 facet joint. What does this mean?
"I have chronic, severe cervical (neck) pain with neurological problems too. Where can I get help for both?"
Is it possible to lose 20 lbs of fat in 1 week?
Why is green tea and other herbal teas considered so healthy if they have no antitoxins or vitamins?
Is it possible to squirt for the 1st time in your mid 20's during intercourse?
Paraesthesia destroying life. Is there any hope for me?
What are effective tarlov cyst treatment?
What can you tell me about tarlov cyst?
I'm having neck pain since yesterday on the lower left side of my neck near shoulder. Only 19 yo male?
What are common injuries that occurs in gymnastics?
What does it mean if after two months of taking drugs and tuberculosis is still active?
I have the sickle cell anemia trait. What are the cons it can have on me now and in the future?
Does marijuana show up on a blood test?
If you smoke weed a week before a blood test will it detect that?
My doctor says my cholesterol are 4.73 and that it should be 3.3. ldl blood test. is this a really bad number?
IHow to tell if I have glandular fever?
If it doesn't get better in a couple of days to go back for some blood tests. Is it possibly glandular fever?
"Tsh thyroid is at 4.95, is that okay?"
What hiv test is there for somebody that doesn't know when the last exposure was?
Is it possible to get a false negative on a flu test?
Is it possible to get copd if you're not a smoker?
"Quitting smoking, will my lungs repair themselves over time?"
What do I need to know about donating plasma & how much can I make?
"If I give up smoking now at 35, can my lungs be able to repair themselves 100%?"
My doc has made me paranoid. Is emphysema really common in younger people?
What causes your bladder wall to thicken?
Is it possible for lichen amyloidosis to be cured through electrodesiccation?
Can lichen amyloidosis be cured permanently?
Is it possible for your stomach to be paralyzed?
"I seem to kick in my sleep, what could cause this?"
Is it possible to treat amyloidosis?
What can cause left ventrical dysfunction?
Do you know what disease has the lowest recovery rate in the world?
"Is it possible to have fungal cancer, like with spores?"
What is cipro used to treat?
Black scab with swelling. What do you recommend to treat it?
Could anthrax spread by consuming cooked infected meat?
What is doxycycline actually used for?
"Headaches. blurred vision, nausea, sensitive to light and noise. What does it sound like?"
"Spotting one week after period and I'm not pregnant, what does this sound like?"
I have really bad acid reflux recently. What do you recommend?
How do you get heartburn?
Could you explain why my bcc is considered to be a cancer?
How do you tell if you have a cancerous mole?
I have a freckle on my arm and it has become a lump with red under it. Should I see a doctor?
Can basal cell carcinoma transfer to the bloodstream?
"Are there different types of skin cancer? if so, what are they?"
"I have problem with my skin, but it isn't cancer, what could it be?"
Which is more effective: Basal cell carcinoma excision or mohs surgery?
Can melatonin and coconut oil remove basal cell carcinoma?
Painful lump in breast. How to figure out what this is?
High dhea and prolactin. Is it prolatinoma?
Hard small lump on the side of my head. How can I figure out what this is?
Can a flu go away after just one day?
How does a new strain of flu or stomach virus evolve? How fast does this happen?
Slight red blood on toilet paper after bowel movement. What could this be?
What medication can I take for a patch of dry skin?
"I have cjd/bse, can I donate plasma?"
"I think I have vcjd, how did this happen?"
Creutzfeldt-jacob disease is biologically caused?
Hemangioma over last 20 years. I live in India so where can I go for treatment out of the country?
Why has my personality changed since I started chemotherapy. Is this normal?
Tmj disorder - any home remedies to curing this?
I have spleen cancer and was wondering what is its treatment?
What are some innovative treatments or procedures for spleen cancer?
What are the best treatment options currently available for meralgia paresthetica?
Is there anything I can do to stop ringing in the ear?
What are some little known facts about hemophilia?
What sort of medical tests do neurologists have to determine a stroke's cause?
Random nose bleeds with blood clots. What could be wrong?
Is it possible to have a permanent bruise or not?
"Blood drawn on a 6 month baby and a day later was called in because a clot formed in vial, what could this be?"
My wife has interstitial cystitis. Any advice on how to deal with it?
Will I need to take Trimethoprim every day for the rest of my life for cystitis?
How do doctors come up with a diagnosis of honey cystitis??
Chronic abdominal pain. Is there a good treatment for this?
What can I expect when going for my first urologist appointment?
Vaginal sting after sex with large penis. Should I be worried?
What does lewy body dementia mean?
Can I take 3 5-325 hydrocodon in the morning or is that too much?
Mole on my face has little blood in it. What could be wrong?
Is it possible to know the gram stain reaction without doing a gram stain in escherichia coli?
Can spinach d lead to a stomach ache?
Can a heavy growth of escherichia coli get in your blood stream and cause septic shock?
What could get in your blood stream and cause septic shock?
What does a really heavy growth escherichia coli mean?
Why does it matter if a disease is gram-positive or negative? What do they indicate?
Diarrhea and burning in stomach. Anything I can take for this?
Tiny red itchy bumps all over body especially on my upper legs. What does this sound like?
How to deal with bed bug bite reoccurrence?
Im using mederma and want to know what the side effects are?
What are the similarities between scabies and bedbugs?
Do I have to see a doctor about this bedbug bites?
Where is the best place to go to get treatment for a tumor?
What are the effects of hyper-metabolism on the body?
How fast do can brain tumors develop serious symptoms?
Brain tumor growth and what are the symptoms?
Can anemia cause hormone imbalance?
What is the risk that an adult in his 20's will get brain cancer from getting one ct scan?
My sixteen year old daughter has been running fever in and off for the last two months. What could be wrong?
Could cervicitis come back once it's gone?
My cervix is inflamed. What should I do?
What can lead to excess white period in women of 25-35?
Should one contact a gyno or somebody else about white discharge during menstruation?
Can you get chlamydia without having any intercourse?
I'm not sexually active but have symptoms that say I am. How is this possible?
Can cervicitis cause a late period?
Why won't my bacterial vaginosis go away after different treatments?
Postive ana & normal sed rate of 5. What does this mean?
Is it possible to have an orgasm without sex or foreplay?
Anorexic and want to recover. What do you recommend?
Why would cause a psa level to register high without a prostate?
What would constitute a normal psa level?
Prostate three times bigger than normal. What would cause this?
My dad had prostate cancer but did treatments and is now having pain on left side. What should he do?
How does cone biopsy work?
My period is different now that I've given birth. Why is that?
"My dr. says my uterus is tilted forward, is this bad?"
What can I expect for me first ob/gyn appointment and what happens during it?
What should I expect at my first birth control appointment?
"If my bacteria testes positive for oxidase, would it be considered gram positive or gram negative?"
What could cause yellowish stool?
What could happen if you ate raw chicken?
Which diagnostic test result identifies if someone is at risk for sepsis?
I am looking for some information as well as encouragment about getting a disco gram because I am very nervous?
I don't like being touched. Friendly or intimate. Is this a disease?
How to tell if you have a pulled muscle?
I have a feeling that comes and goes in my throat and chest like I'm swallowing something really sharp. Ideas?
"If creatinine and egfr are normal, what else are the markers for kidney failure?"
Suffering from dust allergy. Is there a cure for this?
Is it true that esr increases in all type of leprosy?
C reactive protein level of 2.2 in toddler. Is this normal?
My toddler is having fever every month. her blood sample was taken n all the vitals came out normal except c reactive protein level of 2.2?
Factor viii inhibitor in hemophilia? What is a factor viii inhibitor?
What are the effects of hemophilia?
Can the wound I get after having a blood test reopen?
Are some people in the world affected by hemophilia more than others?
Bruises popping up out of nowere. Help?
In the last couple of months I wake up with bruises all over my legs. Am I hitting myself in my sleep?
Any homeopathic or natural treatment for heartworm die-off?
My husband was stabbed and had heart surgery - can he still ride amusement park rides?
How can I tell if I am having anxiety attacks?
Does every who has high blood-pressure if you are overweight?
Why does everyone say you can't eat anything fried when trying to lose weight?
I want to lose weight but I hate exercising. How do I do it?
"When starting a new fitness program, should you consult your doctor?"
"High cholesterol, but doctor says not to worry. Why would they say that?"
"I have an accute pain in my heart, I don't know what it is. Who should I talk to?"
"I have diarrhea and also have constant migraines, and high cholesterol. Do you have any idea what could it be?"
Does high colesterol cause constant nose bleeds?
"I am suffering with severe pain in my hips for last 5 yrs, have hla b27 positive. mri was okay. Please advice?"
I am seriously considering to become a bone-marrow donor. What do I need to quality?
My daughter 16 months old is suffering with brain stem gliom like brain tumour. Any ayur/homeo treatment?
What are the risks of bone marrow transplant?
What is bone marrow transplant used for?
How to tell if my ankylosing spondylitis is cured or not ?
"When you donate blood, and it's screened for any problems, would they tell you if they found anything?"
Is there a limit to how many stds a person can contract at one time?
"Why do neutrophils, eosinophils, and monocytes have numerous lysosomes in their cytoplasm?"
What is the most useless part of the human anatomy other than the appendix?
"I eat so much, but I can't gain weight, do you have any tips?"
How does the melted skin (caused by friction) from blisters become clear?
What does stretching do to improve circulation?
Every time I masturbate I feel like I get the cramps. Why does this happen?
Sore throat made me lose my voice. How do I treat this?
Can eating too many vegetables be harmful for my body?
"Wake up with back pain every morning, what could this be?"
A friend of mine sleeps in a oil smelling basement every night. Is this bad for you?
Have an hc exasperated clear mucus. What does that mean?
Is there any connection between chlorinated hydrocarbons and liver disease?
Do masks really help with pollution from going outside?
I get really stuffed up in the city when the air is full of pollution. Is there anything that help with this?
Is breathing in incense bad for you?
"I like incense very much, it calms me down. I was just wondering if it's bad for you because it is smoke?"
"I covered my body in sudocream and some won't come off, any advice?"
Does avoiding acidic foods matter if you're acidic?
Does lansoprazole make your tongue feel numb?
Will a small sulfuric acid burn heal on its own?
What are common causes of excess gas?
Would my vitamin supplement negatively interact with the librium (chlordiazepoxide) i'm taking?
Can these anti-diarrheal pills turn me to an emotional mess?
Burning sensation in urinary tract when urinating or mastburating. Is this serious?
I have this sensation in urinary tract and I am taking lopamide hydrochloride tablets since then because I have ibs. What is this?
I am having very dark stools (not black!). iIs this normal?
Can hydrocodone hydrochloride block the opiate receptor?
Diarrhea and pain in abdominal/stomach. What can I do?
Can't figure out what is wrong with my pancreas. Who can I talk to?
Is there any help for patients suffering from chronic pancreatitis?
Could doingacupuncture help me control high cholestrol?
I want to try acupuncture for my high cholestrol. Is this a good idea?
What is niaspan used to treat?
Do people have to control their high cholesterol for their entire lives?
What is the major risk factor for heart disease in the US?
"My fasting sugar is 142mg/dl, s.cholestrol 211, s.triglycerides 267, hdl cholestrole 36, ldl cholestrol 146. Explain?"
Wanted to know whether diabetes is killer disease?
What are the most common symptoms of diabetes?
What is the best treatment for a congested heart?
How is it that fat boosts testosterone?
Why is it that adrenaline is contraindicated in heart failure?
What are causes and symptoms of jaundice?
I recently noticed that I have green rings in the irises of my eyes. What is this?
Normal echo with abnormal ecg. What does this indicate?
Elevated total creatine kinase with normal isoenzymes. What does this mean?
What does it mena to have an elevated total creatine kinase?
How does the Rous sarcoma vrius cause cancer?
Does atp advantage creatine serum actually work?
Do you have to have blood tests done if you've had a stroke?
My water tested positive for pesticide. Is this serious?
My niece who lives here was tested at level 9 for lead in her system at school. Is this serious?
Is it hazardous to your health to work cutting lead bricks used in radiation shielding?
I was recently hit with a shotgun pellet under the skin above my temple. Can it cause lead poisoning?
How do you get lead poisoning?
"Melted lead on my skin, what should I do?"
"If my father has factor v leiden, does that mean I also have it?"
Why do they not remove diabetic's pancreas since it doesn't work anyways?
What is a safe pancreas enzyme level?
My husband has pancreatitis. His enzyme level was over 1000 today. Is this still within the normal range?
My gf says I fart a ton in my sleep. Why does this happen?
What does having pale stools indicate?
"I could possibly have lung cancer, what happens during this?"
Is it possible to get lung cancer by kissing someone that smokes?
I inhaled plastic smoke and might have had contact with gasoline. Is this serious?
Can chemo or radiation for lung cancer cause brain damage?
Lung cancer / cirrhosis of the liver - what can I do for this?
Are there any herbal treatments for cancer that would help?
How can we get my husband's cancer of the lung treated?
What exactly is a nodule on the lung?
I have a new dark colored mole on arm with bruising. What could this be?
Mole on my face that was getting bigger was picked off. Will they still be able to tell if it's cancer?
Lump inside crease of my elbow came back inconclusive. Now I have to go to a surgeon. Does this sound like cancer?
Which narcotics do not cause miosis?
Are crowns with braces safe to get?
"Doc did the biopsy and it came back that it was nothing big, just fibromiosis. What is that?"
What's the reasoning behind the gamma-delta t cells ability to destroy tumor and virally infected cells?
"Low grade fever, easily fatigued, pain in calves, pulsating vein in temple. What's this sound like?"
I've been tested positive in anti-hbc. What does this mean?
What is the most likely mode of action for antifungal antibiotic?
"Where can I get vitamin b4, also known as adenine?"
What does trimethoprim do to exert its bacteriostatic effect?
What is small vessel ischemia?
"A blood sugar level of 1000 requires you to have iv dextrose, why?"
Is is true that manuka honey is anti bacterial?
Which hormones are not produced by the pancreas?
What are the side effects of injecting heparin into muscle?
Are there any neutrogena products that work for acne?
I feel awful about killing birds as a teenager. Still thinking about it 20 years later. Help?
What are the causes of diprosopus?
Can I be a speech pathologist if I have a hearing impairment?
How do I go about getting surgery for tmj?
Is it possible to become a speech pathologist if you have latent tuberculosis?
"Return for 2nd thyroid biopsy, what can I expect?"
"My tb-pcr has been detected, is this test reliable or not?"
Is hiv pcr dna test after 9 weeks conclusive enough?
What is gardasil vaccine used for?
Is 4 weeks the right time for me to have an hiv test?
What foods should you avoid if you are diagnosed with pku?
"Following the detection of phenylketonuria or pku in an infant, what is the treatment?"
Can you still have kids if you have prostate cancer?
My dad has prostate cancer and has been having radiotherapy for 3 months now. How much longer?
What to do when my sex drive is way higher than my partners?
What is the life expectancy for patients with prostate cancer that has metastised to the bones?
Will having sex help reduce risk of prostate cancer?
My knees and thigh sometimes feel shaky and I have mild pain in the back/butt. Could this be prostate cancer?
Is it unhealthy to masturbate? Can you hurt yourself doing it?
If I keep telling myself somthing could I eventually make myself believe it?
Why can't I get motivated to lose weight? Should I get help?
Is it possible to get all feeling back if you restore foreskin?
Do you feel it if you are shot in the head straight through?
Will beta blockers help stop my voice from becoming 'shaky' when talking to a crowd?
"If a type 1 diabetic patient forgot to take insulin as prescribed by a doctor, what would happen?"
I think I'm infertile. How do I check?
Who do you call when someone you know dies of natural causes?
"Severe, chronic undiagnosed pain that the doctors don't know. What should I do now?"
What is rigor mortis?
I'm not sure if I have lupus. How do I find out?
Best way to get rid of pernicious anemia?
"Can you explain the cell signaling pathway involved in cystic fibrosis, what goes wrong, and the right way for it to work?"
Is it possible to stop cancer cells mutating if caught early?
How long does it usually take to get your std urine test results?
What does low iron mean in a blood test?
"I have been diagnosed with adhd, what do I do next?"
What does lower platelet count mean during pregnancy?
What are common causes of nose bleeds in children?
"If I had a bad reaction to the flu shot in the past, will I likely get that reaction 2 years later?"
Is it possible to donate one of your ovaries?
Organ transplantation and tissue typing. Do I have to be related to my tissue matching organ donor?
Can diet and more exercise eliminate bad breath for good?
Unable to lose weight around hips and belly. What do you recommend?
What is the best workout for the abdominal region?
What are the side effects of Methadone tapering?
Why is lemon juice & sea salt good for your skin?
Do hashes from canabis have carcinogens in them?
Anal fissure that is extremely painful. What is the fastest treatment for this?
What can I do to reduce the pain and make an anal fissure heal?
Cholesterol is a little high. Should I be worried?
"High cholesterol level and as a female, what exercise will help my lower this number to the normal range?"
What should you do if you have a cyst or lump on the testicles?
What can I do about high insulin?
"Can lip-picking, leg shaking, and violent thoughts be symptoms of my ocd?"
Should I go to sleep after I banged my head really hard?
Why is my ldl cholesterol still high when I try to do everything right?
Is there a treatment for someone having aspirin withdrawal?
Is it weird that I have an obsession with circuses and coffins?
Lump on front of neck is sore. Who do I go to to get it checked out?
I have adhd and have 10mg adderall tablets to take after school. I tend to take one every 2 hour. Any bad effects?
"Is there any reason other than creamation, that an autopsy would not be preformed?"
Fantasizing about torture and murder turns me on. Is there something wrong with me?
"An autopsy revealed 1070 grams brain atrophy, is that a significant amount?"
Is it possible to die from holding urine for too long resulting in a burst bladder?
How do I request no autopsy after I die?
Male discharge: could it be a sign of sti or std?
What is this clear semen like discharge from my penis?
Do I need blood samples if I want to take hormone blockers again?
Stopped t recently and want to go back to hormone blockers. Do I require blood samples or hormone level checkups?
"Hiv blood test results, how long does it normally take?"
Possible to get infection from blood draw?
"When urine and blood drug test are done together, will they also do dna test?"
Should I store my tissue samples?
What tests dtermine if a a person is infected with any std's?
What can I expect during a gynecology exam?
Can a large polyp in your colon mean colon cancer?
What are the chances of lymphoma in someone with no family history of it?
How long after a cervical biopsy should you have another smear?
"My mom has cancer and a rectal tumor the size of a football, is it stage 3 or more?"
Can Pcos screw up your menstrual cycle?
I have diabetes type 2 and need advice on how to treat this?
Why do patients get tested for drugs when they going to the er for stomach pains?
Pregnancy paranoia is ruining my life. How to stop worrying?
I have chickened out of having a smear test last july and keep getting reminder letters. Should I go now?
Is it okay to have a laparoscopy during a period?
Getting my period everyday from depo injection. Is this normal?
How can I live with always being exhausted no matter what I try?
Would a transvaginal ultra sound detect cervical cancer?
How long does the hpv virus stay in your system?
What does anaplasia in tumors mean?
"""Benign tumors have little to no anaplasia."" What does that phrase mean?"
Could a cardiac neoplasm show up on an echo or chest x-ray?
What are the different types of scars you can get?
"Why do some scars flatten while others turn whiter, fade or do nothing?"
What can cause prolonged bleeding after foley catheter?
Is it possible for me to lose 30 pounds in 2 months?
Help! did the salt and ice challenge and burnt my skin. How long till it goes away?
Does being on your period affect your blood count?
If I am getting my blood work done and I have my period could it affect my blood count?
High blood pressure plus low blood count and digestive problems. Is there any relation?
Is it possible for a 15 year old to develop non-hodgkin's lymphoma?
I've been on my period for 3 and a half months straight. What could be wrong?
How can you tell if you're anemic?
"What does low #gran, low wbc & high eosinophils in your blood work mean?"
"Neutrophil-79%,lymphocyte-18%,monocyte-0. Does this relate to hiv?"
"What does it mean when your wbc is high? Normal is 4,600-10,000 but mine is 11,500?"
"Some fish products have ""cholesterol 30 mg"" on the back. Is that good cholesterol or bad?"
What is good cholesterol & what is bad cholesterol?
What is the normal range for an 8 year girl if you do an at home blood test?
How can I lower cholesterol after eating mcdonalds?
"What are some healthy, low-cholesterol or cholesterol foods to eat?"
How long do they keep you in the hospital if you had a heroin overdose?
What to do about high pressure?
Is it okay to be drinking while on accutane?
My total cholestrol is 266 and ldl/hdl ratio is 3:1. What does this mean?
"My lipid profile shows s.cholesterol=239, hdl=28, s.triglycerides=345, ldl=162 and vldl=47. What does this mean?"
Is a heart attack or stroke a real possibility for teenagers?
Where can I go to have my thyroid tested?
"Tsh high/ egfr low & slight hemolysis, what does all this mean?"
"I am blood type a and my wife is o, what can we do to prevent the abo hemolysis of our baby?"
Best treatment for lupus anemia?
What are normal levels of bilirubin in urine?
Why is streptococcus shaped that way?
What is so special about blood type h?
Is it normal to pee a lot first thing in the morning?
How can I tell if it's my urethra or vagina that is burning?
My 3 years old boy started to pee in his pants again. What could cause this?
Aids patient with pneumonia undergoing antibiotic treatment continues to get worse. What should be done next?
What could be causing me to keep getting boils?
"If you are hospitalized for having endocarditis, is a cbc test done along with the blood culture?"
What would a needle biopsy of a tumor in my pelvic bone tell me?
"I am 66, and my testicles are swelling bigger, what could it be?"
Why are some doctors often reluctant to do simple biopsies?
"Hard multiple lumps on the left side of my neck near my trachea, throat region! Causes?"
Big/golf ball sized ball in right breast. What does this sound like?
My mum found a lump and went to the doctors. They used needle to draw out fluid. Was this to see if it was cancerous?
Pain in neck and thyroid area after fna. What could this be?
I have high blood iron levels. Are there any adverse effects from this?
Will ironing my clothes too often cause me to have hemochromatosis?
My mum has recently been diagnosed with hemochromatosis as well as high cholesterol (6.0). What should she be eating?
Does a low b 12 deficiency mean that I'm anemic?
Blood test results for (creatine kinase) ck : 351 and ck - mb : 102. Can you explain?
What are the usual reference values in ui/l for ck and ck-mb?
I noticed a lump on the inside of my left ankle almost 2 months ago. What should I do?
What are hypokalemia symptoms?
What happens when an underweight person exercises more but still eats less?
I drank four 20 oz red bulls and now my heart feels funny. What should I do?
Do kidney problems cause brown spots on your body?
What are ketsteril tablets are used for?
What tips can you offer someone who is dealing with chronic kidney disease?
How much time left does someone with chronic kidney disease at stage 5 have?
How long does it take for 10mg 325 percocet to get out of your system?
"I take oxycotin 80,oxycodone30 and perocet10. Will this show up on dip test?"
Time was exactly 140 days ago. would THC still be detectable on a urine drug screen after 140 of abstaining?
What's the difference between lymph and interstitial fluids?
I am forcing myself to eat and am now feeling nauseous?
Blood glucose levels of 243. Is this normal?
Blood sugar is 178 after a small meal and half a soda. Could I be diabetic?
My blood sugar is 130 and I'm a non-diabetic. Is this good?
Why do you have to fast to determine diabetes diagnosis?
"My fasting glue level is 120 and hb1ac is 6.2 and post prandial is 136, could I become diabetic?"
What could cause me to have aucousy bloody discharge?
Would a 9 month active mono infection test positive during a mono spot test?
How long does a penicillin injection take to combat secondary syphilis?
I am going to the doctor today to take a elisa test. What can I expect?
I have to take a elisa test today for lyme disease but I was just wondering how does elisa test work?
What causes legionnaires disease?
What products from herbalife should I take to lose weight?
"What does ""many gram negative bacilli"" mean?"
An elderly patient has taken ibuprofen (motrin) 800 mg two times per day for longer than 10 years. What would happen?
What do high levels of bilirubin in the blood stream result in?
What does it mean if s.indirect bilirubin is .68mg/dl?
Is there a fatty liver and lactate dehydragenase relation?
"My total bilirubin level is 6.2, sgot 116, sgpt 83. my ot & pt decreasing but bilirubin is increasing, why is that?"
How is it possible to get a neck injury from holding in a sneeze?
I've heard that holding in your sneezes can lead to possible neck injuries. Is this true?
How to figure out the gram stain reaction without doing a gram stain in staphylococcus epidermidis?
Can meningitis symptoms last for more than 20 days?
Are headaches compulsory symptoms for csf leak and meningitis?
Memory problems after illness. Will this persist?
What would happen if a person with low hemoglobin donated blood? Would they take it?
Double red cell donation preparation. Any tips?
Low polymorphs and high lymphocytes. What does this indicate?
How long does marijuana stay in your system?
What can and cant type a blood eat or have on a diet?
My blood type changed from a- to a+ and now for my second pregnancy it's back to a-. How?
How do I find out what blood type I am?
My dad has ab positive and my mom has a negative blood type. What would I have?
Vomiting because I see blood. Is there something wrong?
My liver enzymes are high. At what level does it become serious?
Im 33 in I have TC in my lymph node. Had sperm test dr said no sperm was found. What do I do?
I had testicular cancer had left one removed. Now cancer is back in there's no sperm in my semen. What to do?
How much time it take for your sperm to build up fully?
Where can I get my sperm tested?
Can someone with multiple sclerosis have children?
Does semen analysis require any prescription/referral?
What kind of testical pain can cause erectile dysfunction?
I'm 21 years old I have had watery semen from the beginning. Is this normal?
"My bun is 31 creatinine is1.6, gfr is35.4. Is this really bad?"
"Urge to pee during sex, but not when I masturbate. Why does this happen?"
Kidney problem with efgr at 55. What can I do
"Low iron levels, alternative options to treating this?"
How to tell if I have restless leg syndrome?
"I get nauseous after eating, even if it's only a little. What is going on?"
What are the long term effects of congenital hypoxia?
What is the most common communicable and non-communciable diseases among kids?
How long would it take someone to die from mechanical asphyxia?
Can you have arthritis and still have your white and red blood cell count be normal?
How to tell if I have reumathoid arthritis?
My daughter has had a persistent stabbing pain under her right clavicle bone. What should we do?
Can nerve damage lead to arthritis?
My result for sgpt was 49.6 (0-31) normal values & sgot was 36.9 (0-37)History of fatty liver. Thoughts?
"I have had a lot of back pain, high blood sugars, and nausea lately. Possible signs of kidney disease?"
The sgpt result rises to 397. Is this a damaged liver?
Would anything bad happen if you inhaled permanent markers?
Discomfort under my kneecaps after high uric acid. What to do for this?
What other fruits or vegetables can help reduce uric acid causing gout?
"My uric acid levl is 7.2 mg/dl. Drs saying that is normal but I'm feeling severe pains in legs, hips?"
Discomfort under my kneecaps after high uric acid. Fastest cure for this?
What causes uric acid levels to get to high and lead to gout?
Mother has severe pain in foot since 35 years. Who should we talk to?
Is a phosphorous imbalance a likely cause for kidney stones?
What are the symptoms of having a heart attack?
How to treat elevated troponin levels and pneumonia?
What does an ecg do and why do would I need one?
Are you forced to have an hiv test done at every gyno appoint?
What tests should someone take if they were raped?
Would anything happen if you ate tuna all the time?
"Since tuna has mercury and you eat a lot of it, what are symptoms of mercury poison?"
Is amalgam mercury poisoning common?
"I have low platelet count and I took motrin, will it cause me to bleed?"
Legs look bruised and purple after showering. What could be the reason?
I'm scared I have leukemia. What should I do?
Can I donate both blood and plasma at the same time?
Can I donate plasma if I have neurofibromatosis?
What is causing me to pass out after plasma donation?
What should we do about regression in autistic son?
How often should I have a colonoscopy and a scan after surgery and chemo is completed?
If someone had any type of cancer would the red and white blood cell count be off in a blood test?
Can a person suffering from typhoid or has widal test positive still do yoga?
Treating klinefelter syndrome at age 19. What is the best treatment?
What are common conditions resulting from nondisjunction (ex. down syndrome)?
Testosterone and shortness of breath. What can I do for this?
Can birth defects occur because of the environment?
What are the symptoms of klinefelters syndrome?
My sgpt level is 190. Is this something to worry about?
My liver size is 14.4cm and my alt/sgpt is 35. Is my liver enlarged?
What is important to eat when you're in sgpt?
Just finished my pre employment medical. My sgot result was 167. Is this normal?
How to tell if someone has mono?
Can moving into a new house cause you to be sick?
What should I take when I have mono and strep throat?
What kind of things can mono tests detect?
Can miralax cause you to have dark green stools?
I woke up with very sore thighs. Should I be worried?
"Celiac disease and having green stools, is this normal?"
"Ever since starting on the gluten free diet, my stools have turned green. Is this a normal reaction?"
"Please help my poop is green, what could be wrong?"
My poop has been green for three days. What can I take for this?
What are the most common causes of green stools?
Is there a way to treat anaemia that we can do at home?
Black or blood in stool! How do I figure out what's wrong?
Can taking a probiotic pill cause black stool?
What could be causing my to dry heave so much?
I took pepto bismol 2 days ago. How many days should my stool be black?
What are some causes that would turn my stool black?
Black stools and green urine. Is this serious?
Black stools after drinking. Is this a common side effect?
Been having pale stool. When to call doctor?
Can I take 20 mg or four pills of bisacodyl at once?
Tip on how to control eosinophils?
Does monocytes level 0 indicate tuberculosis?
I took blood test and the report says monocytes count is 0. Is this TB?
Total wbc counting of monocytes is 1%. Is this good or bad?
How can I have surgery on torn muscles in my hip at the hospital if I don't have insurance?
Infections fighting back. When should I visit my doctor again?
What toxic fumes can result in ards?
How long can someone be hospitalized if they have sepsis?
"Now getting treated immediatelyfor UTI, am I putting myself at risk for sepsis and renal failure by waiting?"
Is an elevated d dimer related to high blood pressure?
How long would a torn muscle in your back take to heal?
I had the d-dimer test done and it came back 826. Is this worrisome?
Leg pain on birth control but d dimer came back normal. What could it be?
"My left leg seems to be swollen, what should I do now?"
"Slightly high alt levels on blood test, what does this indicate?"
How long do the enzymes that break down alcohol stay in your system for?
"Cholesterol/triglycerides went down, but liver enzymes went up. Is this normal?"
"Possibility of having a liver disease (psc) in my near future, what should I do now to prevent this?"
What is a cavity between teeth called?
What is the common name for biofilm on your teeth?
"Is there a natural cure for bv, because antibotics doesn't work for me?"
What can I do to have crystal clear skin?
Can fasting cause your tongue have a white coating on it?
How to get rid of these white marks on my teeth?
What can I do to get rid of protein in the urine?
What does it mean if u have protein++ in urine but blood pressure is not high?
Hypertension and kidney disease. Are these serious conditions?
"Creatinine level is 3.9, leukocytes 3-5, erthrocytes 10-12 protein ++ in urine. Could it be my medications?"
Is it normal to have protein in urine while pregnant with diabetes?
Why would kcl be added to a surgical patients iv?
What would happen if you took a whole box of aspirin pain relief within an hour?
I have been taking laxatives for a couple months now for weight loss. Would there be withdrawal if I stopped?
I have hypokalemia which is low potassium in my blood should I play soccer today or wait?
How fast do potassium levels drop if you are hypokalemic?
I have high risk hpv. Would this affect my partner?
I smoked one hit of weed last feb (2012). Will I fail a body hair drug screening now?
Ive had two labs in six months that showed a white blood cell count of 14.9. What does this indicate?
Elimination diet to test me for celiac disease and ever since on this gluten free diet my stools are green. Normal?
My stool is green and black. Should I be worried?
What could be causing my poop to green/blue and stringy?
I have a blood test soon. I just want to know what things blood tests show?
Is a low serotonin level is associated with parkinsons disease?
Prescription klonopin not working. Is there anything else I can use?
What would drinking while on antidepressants do to you?
"Can celaxa, an anti-anxiety med, lead to anxiety?"
Can someone explain to me about serotonin levels and anti depressants?
I have tested vdrl and it is non-reactive.. so do I hav to test hiv?
"High wbc for 8 months now, what could it be?"
"Low white blood cell count for years, is this worrying?"
"Still wheezing after having been sick, possibly hiv?"
Would a hiv oraquick home kit test be accurate 4 weeks after exposure?
How to tell if it's a random orange urine problem or just dehydrated?
Can eating a lot of vegetables make your stool dark?
Can you get drunk from an alchohol soaked tampon?
Urine smelling very strong. Does this mean anything?
Does your urine smell like rice cake if you eat rice cake? Mine does. Is that normal?
Started wetting the bed again all of the sudden. What should I do?
Painful sex every time I have it even we do the normal stuff. What could be wrong?
"I am diabetic, urine smells bad and want to get rid of big belly. How?"
Ketones in urine after eating sweet potatoes. Is this bad?
My wbc count is 3020. Is this dangerous?
Pain after gallbladder removal surgery. What can I take for this?
What could be the reason for splenomegaly and low platelet count?
Causes of high lymphs count and low rbc?
Can a doctor tell the difference from chlamydia & pid?
Results showed that I had an sedimentation rate of 69. What can this mean?
My esr in blood test report is 30. What would be the reasons behind this high esr? What are the consequences?
What exactly does esr mean in blood tests?
My dad was a drinker and died of liver cirrhosis. Could I be at risk?
"If you have hepatic encephalopathy, are you still able to smoke weed?"
Can coconut oil help with liver cancer?
My father-in-law has liver cirrhosis with 80% damage. What can we do?
My bones crack literally all the time! Should I be concerned?
How does an inflammatory response help white blood cells get to an infection?
What could be the reason why the lymph nodes in my groin are swollen?
What can I do to increase my white blood cell count?
"Are any sorts of foods that will spike my white blood cell count, or any medications?"
Diarrhea for the 5 months. Nothing is working what should I do?
I have stool problem from last 2 year. Passing loose stool only in the morning?
"Really bad sore throat, nothing is helping. What should I do?"
"Chamomile tea with honey and lemon, gargling with water and salt, but nothing helps my sore throat?"
I am extremely congested. How to tell if it's nasal cancer or nasal cavity?
What does it mean if you're coughing up blood?
Can I use a mixture of baking soda and vinegar to descale a humidifier?
I get a runny nose when I go from a hot place to a cold one. Why is that?
Is allergy testing safe for a 4 month old?
"Could adenoid removal in an adult age 64 be of concern for cancer, or could it be due to severe allergies?"
My three year old was just diagnosed with strep throat for the third time in a month. How to prevent this?
"Getting ear tubes removed, will it be painful?"
"What can help my 5 year old with his coughing, asthma and otitis media with effusion?"
Is it possible that traces of snot can come out of your ears?
"Something very much like snot comes out of my ears, could it be snot?"
Stung by a bee and the swelling has gone hard. What does this mean?
What are my life restrictions if I have mild aortic valve stenosis?
Sometimes I can't see when I stand up too fast. What can cause this?
What can be the cause of chest pain other than heart attack?
What are some common complications from aeortic stenosis?
"Can one have valve regurgitation, atrial septal defects, or ventricular septal defects but still have normal and murmurless heart sounds?"
Will you have an arrythima if you any type of heart problem?
How to tell if my son has sleep apnea?
Can congenital heart defect heal itself within three to four years?
Is there any relation between congenital heart disease and facial asymmetry?
What's the difference between a cardivascular problem and heart disease?
"If I have hlhs and smoke weed, what could happen?"
What can cause you to cough phlegm with a little bit of blood?
How to tell if what I have is a blood blister?
What does high mono on blood test mean?
Is it bad to bite your cheeks? What could happen?
"I need to get my gallbladder removed, but I have a pfo heart conditon. Will it be okay?"
My pulse oxy is never above 94. What could be the reason?
"Why do I get palpitations, shortness of breath and fatigue after exercise?"
Pulmonary hypertention a heart or lung condition?
What is the treatment for a hole in the heart of new born baby?
"A preterm newborn has patent ductus arteriosus, what would be the brest treatment?"
"What does pulmonic valve ""nl w/physiclogic regurgitation"" mean?"
Is grade 1 diastolic dysfunction something to worry about?
I have a heart condition called tetralogy of fallot. Is smoking marijuana bad for me?
What is digeorge syndrome and how can it be treated?
I have heart defects. Would wearing the shoulder part of the seatbelt be dangerous?
Heart only races when I'm asleep. Why is that?
What is hypertrophic deardionyopathy and how can it be treated?
Would I still be able to join the army with apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Is apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy uncurable?
What is it called when your heart swells inward blocking blood flow in the arteries?
How long can a person with rheumatic heart disease live with proper care?
Can a person be born with their heart reversed and 2 holes in their heart do any sort of physical activies?
What does it mean if I have a fast heartbeat all the time?
For some reason even when I'm relaxing in bed or in a chair my heart beat is really fast. Possible causes?
What is the usual recovery time for ulnar nerve transposition?
Since I was little I have had odd heart spasms where it would randomly jump into an unfamiliar beat?
Can I still exercise if I have a heart murmur?
"My baby has an abnormality in his heart, more like a hole. Can it get worse as he grows up?"
Is there an hbi vaccine? What is it called?
"Does the hbi vaccine have anything to do with ""menomune"" and ""menactra""?"
What are the symptoms of meningitis?
"Severe headache in one spot of head, dizziness and stiff neck. What do you recommend?"
How to tell if I have bacterial meningitis?
The mts-bacterial meningitis in infants is usually caused by what?
Could you die from e coli nowadays?
What does it mean to have kidney failure?
How to treat dehydration and high creatine levels?
Can kidney stones cause high blood pressure?
How will I feel after initial dialysis treatment?
What is an alds infection and how can it be treated?
My son had a cleft lip/cleft palate repair. How long until it goes back to normal?
Is it normal for a 3 1/2 year old to get a chest infection almost every year?
Is there any way to treat carbon monoxide poisoning?
Why does carbon monoxide poisoning cause you to vomit?
What is cerebral edema? Is it a serious condition?
Is there any effective treatments for brain hypoxia?
If a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer - would she have the choice to get treatment or not?
Does your function normally if you're in a coma?
"He could have whooping cough, asthma, chronic cough, allergies, croup. I am so confused. How do I tell the difference?"
What are common causes of barky cough?
"Even though I eat when I'm hungry, it seems I don't ever get the feeling of fullness. What could it be?"
What are the pros and cons of alternative medicines against traditional medicines?
What is the life expentancy for a 47 year old male suffering from dilated cardiomyopathy?
What can I do to get this bad images out of my head?
How to avoid pulling leg muscles when you go swimming?
Is too much water bad for you?
"Morphine causing vomiting, what can I do to prevent this?"
I face enormous stress and anxiety when faced with big decisions. Is there anything to overcome this?
What can I eat or drink to get rid of a sore throat?
How can you treat botulism from eating a baked potato?
Is salmonella a type of infectious disease?
"Bloating feeling in bottom right side of body, but no pain. What could it be?"
So worried about food poisoning. I swallowed a couple bites of salsa that had begun to ferment?
Is static encephalopathy a common disease?
Is it possible for a person to have gradual blood loss from cutting a lot everyday?
Woke up feeling dizzy and nauseous. What should I take?
How to stop feeling fatigueds during my period?
I hit my head as a kid; now I have headaches and pain if hit in head again. What should I do?
"I was diagnosed with bradycardia, should I worry?"
How do beta blockers cause erectile dysfunction?
Is a cure for ataxia close to discovery yet?
"If the lungs are under developed at birth, can they fully develop over time?"
How long is it safe for a baby to be sedated?
What are the  most common causes of retinopathy of prematurity?
How to tell if I am a victim of shaken baby syndrome?
Can shaking head to dry hair cause any brain damage?
What does it mean if someone is in shock i.e anaphalytic shock?
Can un-passed products of conception lead to a uterine infection and pid?
How can I tell if I'm going into septic shock?
How can I tell if I still have septicemia?
I'm scared to put a tampon in! How can I overcome this fear?
What antibiotic do you recommend to treat an ear piercing infection?
Can a person possibly become manic depressive if they watched someone die?
What makes meningococcal so deadly and so quickly?
How can I remove my keloid scar?
My 4 month old son has an opacity in his right lung. What does that mean?
Is 97.2 a good body temperature to have?
After the heart stops how long will the brain continue to work?
"If you were to masturbate in a freezing place, would that delay hypothermia?"
How much does it actually take to get alcohol poisoning?
What is the advantage of iv fluid resuscitation over ors?
Is it normal to have a headache and to be so tired after doing a cardio workout?
How does myocarditis affect the heart?
What is that heart pain when you break up with somebody or did something wrong is feel bad for it?
"If you have any heart related problems, could an ekg tell that?"
Found out I have viral cardiomyopathy/ myocarditis. What can I expect moving forward?
Could a mother with lupus cause the child to have eczema?
My 2month old has a red bumpy rash on back if neck and scalp. How do I treat this?
"Does sorebeline cream work for baby acne on the back, cheeks and neck?"
How can I get this white bump on my lip removed?
What tips do you have on curing adult diaper rash?
Eczema rash that won't go away. What do you recommend?
"Theres a rash on my vagina, what could it be?"
Is diaper rash cream safe to use for adults?
Anal rash during period while wearing a pad. How can I prevent this?
I was wondering is baby diaper rash ointment would help with a yeast infection?
Best way to handle diaper rash in adults?
How can I tell whether my 2 week old has an anal abscess or not?
Is desitin supposed to be used to fight acne?
What is a good zinc oxide ointment to use?
"2 year old has sore butt from diarrhea after flu, what can I do to cure this?"
The skin above my lip is swelling really badly. How do I get rid of it quickly?
"My anal itches a lot, what can I do to stop the itching?"
"I think I have worms in my stomach/intestines, what can I do for this?"
Doctors appointment tomorrow but might get period. What should I do?
How to tell if I have pinworms or am I just worrying too much?
I have hydrocortisone cream 1% for my hands cracked skin. Can I also use it for ext. hemorrhoids?
"I'm suffering from anal itching, discharge and diarrhea. What can I take for this?"
"I am feeling really sick, what can I do to stop myself from vomiting?"
"What causes dry, itchy and irritated skin?"
I have ichthyosis vulgaris. What is the best cream for this?
Why do I have big white spots under my nail?What are they and how do I get rid of them?
What can I do to get rid of milia fast?
What could cause these loads of lumps all over my face?
What is the best way to get rid of milia?
Could these small bumps around my mouth be milia?
What can I do about a milia problem under my outer eye?
How can I treat my milia so the itchy milk spot in my face naturally goes away?
What can I do to hide a raised birthmark?
Is it normal to have flaps of extra skin inside vaginal opening?
I need to lose weight for wrestling but still be in good shape. What do you recommend?
Is putting lotion for ringworm on the infected area supposed to sting?
If I used 100% tea tree oil on ringworm on my butt would it get rid of it forever?
Which is better for ringworm: lamisil or clotrimazole cream?
Need a cure for ringworm. What do you recommend?
"I have ringworm and am using a bleach and water mixture, will this work?"
I just touched someone with ringworm. How do I prevent myself from getting it?
What is the first thing you should do if you touched someone's arm who has ringworm?
How can I get rid of bumpy skin/skin tags?
"I have chicken skin on my cheeks, arms and legs, is this bad?"
Does it hurt to get skin tag off of eyelid?
"I have skin tag on my eyelid, what should I do?"
My skin tag changes size. Why?
"I have a pea-sized, purple lump on my nipple, what could it be?"
How to tell if I am showing early signs of parkinson's?
Will hemangioma bleeding in small intestine be life threatening?
Could hemangioma in the mouth turn into cancer?
"Has a cluster of blood vessels/hemangioma which looks like a bump/swollen above the left eye, where do I get this treated?"
What could this cluster of bright red dots on my left forearm be?
Is tuberous sclerosis disease curable or not?
"I think I have a disorder, who should I talk to to verify this?"
How to fix broken skin on your feet?
"My skin inside the fingernail is dry and pain, how do I get this treated?"
"Chronic condition, similar to athletes foot, but not quite. What is that called?"
What are good treatments for menopausal skin irritation?
"My mom is having her ""pre menopausal"" and she is having allergic- like reactions. Is this normal? How to treat this?"
Extremely itchy verrucas that won't go away. What do you suggest?
Are there any natural remedies for acne?
What could happen if I drink alcohol on my first days of accutane (isotretinoin)?
Is accutane a good drug to take for acne?
What are your views on the side effects of accutane/roaccutane/isotretinoin?
How can I prevent dry lips with accutane pills?
Green tea. vs. brightener - what can I use to clear redness better?
What can I use to get rid of my acne in a short time?
Is there research being done to figure out a cure for eczema?
What if I use the steroid cream less than doctor recommended for eczema?
What face wash and moisturizer works best for eczema?
What could these small itchy bumps on my arms and legs be?
What's the best way to get rid of chickenpox scars?
Is it okay to be taking a bath with chickenpox?
"Can you get chickenpox more than once? If so, how?"
Is it possible to catch shingles from someone with chickenpox?
How do you know if someone gets shingles instead of chickenpox?
"My brother has shingles, when is he most contagious?"
"Hives on legs after fielding, what is the best treatment for this?"
How do I figure out what these mysterious welts i'm getting are?
Chigger bites: can there be a delayed reaction?
I've got itchy big bumps on my face and on my arms. What could they be?
An insect bite that has taken on the appearance of a pimple. What does this sound like?
"I found a painless lump under my arm, who should I see about this?"
I have a blackish mark on my penis pink head surface. Should I be worried?
Could a 13 year old girl get breast cancer?
"I have a mole on my breast that itches, should it be removed?"
Is permethrin cream good for scabies?
Small red dots on my body started about a month ago. My sister had scabies about a month ago. Related?
Is it okay to go outside after putting permethrin cream on my body?
Is it normal to still see scabies burrows after you've had treatment?
"Been having whooping cough for a year and a half, what should I do?"
My mom smoked for about 6 years but stopped 20 years ago. Is she still at risk for lung cancer or anything?
Only 18 and have been having sharp chest pains. Feels like someones is stabbing me in the chest?
"""Mildly enlarged lymph nodes"" on lungs after pet scan. What do this mean?"
"I have a hard time taking deep breaths, what could be wrong?"
How can I tell if I have a collapsed lung?
Could you have long term side effects after a collapsed lung at birth?
Fetus with a collapsed lung. Is it possible to operate?
What is cystic fibrosis and how can it be treated?
Was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis. What is it like living with cystic fibrosis?
What diseases can be caused by defective protein channels?
What are some things to keep in mind about cystic fibrosis?
Why is it that certain races/ethnicities more likely to get certain diseases than others?
Im 23 year old male with painful hemorrhoids. What do you suggest?
My doctor said my heart is more central then left sided. What does that mean?
What is walking pneumonia and stomach flu? Can flu symtoms be from a parasite?
"Cough lasting over a month! OTC meds don't work, what should I do?"
"My lips are super sensitive, but are not dry or chapped in anyway. What could it be?"
What can we use to help break up the mucus that is in my daughter's throat?
How long does it take for r.s.v. to pass in adults?
Iv been sick over a week from rsv. How much longer should it last?
What does it mean when you start to get symptoms for a flu if you've already had it?
"I have latent tb, is it okay to take hepatitis b vacinne?"
What could be the reason why mycobacterium tuberculosis is resistant to many biocides?
How is it that cord factor antigen aid in the diagnosis of mycobacterium tuberculosis?
"I got this wierd bump feeling on my foot, how do I figure out what this is?"
How to tell if I have pneumonia or tuberculosis?
Could pleurisy cause intense chest pain?
I've been having mild chest pain for 8 hours now. Should I go to the ER?
"Chest pains for 3 days now, could this be a symptom of lung cancer?"
Having these stabbing heart pain feelings. What do you suggest?
What could cause pleurisy to linger?
What would happen if a child has undiagnosed asthma?
What are common symptoms of vitamin d deficiency?
What are some common respiratory system diseases that are hereditary?
How to tell if I have chronic bronchitis?
Should I see a doctor about my cough if it's been almost 8 weeks?
"Whenever I cough or breathe hard, the left side of my ribs hurt. What could be wrong?"
Random chest pains in the same area when I breathe. Who should I talk to?
What would happend if I smoked marijuana after I had pneumomediastinum?
Can you die from pneumonic plague nowadays?
Would taking n-acetylcysteine capsules help a paracetamol overdose?
Would paracetamol not work anymore if you swallowed activated charcoal and n-acetylcysteine capsules?
Is trichotillomania a serious condition?
"I have trichotillomania but I'm not sure why/or what triggered it, should I see a doctor?"
Would acetylcysteine tablets help if you had a paracetamol overodose?
What's the best type of specialist to see to get a dental implant?
What kind of dentist can fix an open margin?
What does it mean to have an estrogen-producing tumor?
What are the effects of high testosterone in females?
2 y-o female high testosterone and dhea so4 levels from blood test results. What could be the cause?
Is anal sex good for someone who is constipated?
Yellow/orange/bloody mucus from anus. What could be the problem?
Is it possible for teens / pre teens to get anal cancer?
"Apart from having sex, are there other causes of cervical cancer?"
While making a bowel movement a hemorrhoid looking thing comes out of my anus. What should I do?
"White thing in my bladder shown on ultrasound, what could it be?"
I keep feeling the urge to go again once I've urinated. Could this be bladder cancer?
What is the most common cause of bladder cancer?
Can bladder cancer can be detected by an ultrasound?
My brother had chemo for his bladder cancer which spread to the bones. How is that possible?
Does getting knocked out for literaly 1 or 2 seconds means that you have a head injury?
Is it rare for someone who has never smoked to have lung cancer?
Is it possible that with bloody discharge could indicate that I have cervical cancer?
What is the growth pattern for cervical cancer?
Having pains up my sides. Was wondering if cervical cancer can grow from the inside out?
My mother is opting not to do chemo and radiation for cervical cancer. What could happen if left untreated?
My mom was diagnosed with stage 3 cervical cancer. How far along is the cancer?
What are the symptoms of endometrial cancer for someone going through menopause?
Are the symptoms if endometrial cancer bleeding if you're in menopause?
I am on menopause and I been experiencing abnormal bleeding with vaginal discharge. What does this sound like?
My grandpa had luekemia. Do I have a chance of getting it as well?
What would happen if stomach acid went up to your esophagus?
How to tell if I have barrett's esophageal cancer?
Can vomiting everyday cause you to develop cancer?
What are other problems and pains that arise with cancers (particularly bone cancer)?
What are some metastatic cancer symptoms?
What would be the symptoms of someone with neck cancer?
Is there any chance of survival/recovery chances for someone with a stage iv cancer?
I'm a 34 year old hypochondriac (female) and I'm freaking out all the time. What should I do?
What are the most common causes breast cancer?
Is there a way to fix your bottom teeth without getting an x-ray?
What age group has the highest probability of developing invasive cervical cancer (uterine cervix)?
What are some natural sleep remedies?
I've had a lot of ct scans and x rays on various body parts over the years. Could tha tmake me more at risk for cancer?
How can I get rid of insomnia quickly?
What are risk factors involved with colon cancer?
What are the early signs of rectal cancer?
"My husband is going through cancer treatment, radiation/chemo pills. What changes can I expect?"
Very frequent changes in stool consistency. What issues does this indicate?
What are possible reasons for rectal bleeding?
Are colon cancer and rectal cancer the same thing?
My mom just told me that she has stage 3 cervical cancer. I'm worried if this is life threatening?
Is it possible for a ct scan to confirm fibroids in uterus?
Can a gynocologist detect cancer?
Stomach pain when I eat anything. What could be wrong?
I have no desire to eat. Basically starving my myself to death. What is wrong with me?
Why do people with cancer often live longer or shorter than what their prognosis is?
I am always either very cold or too hot. Should I get tested for lymphoma?
Lumps on testicles. Does that mean I should check for cancer?
What is mesothelioma? How does one get it?
My hypochondria is getting out of hand. What are some alternative treatments I can do?
Can you get mesothelioma from being exposed to asbestos for a few hours?
What can be done for prevention of mesothelioma?
What is mesothelioma cancer? How do you get it?
Could an 18 year old girl have a ovarian cancer?
With pancreatic cancer how quickly will I go from healthy to really sick?
Will growing my own tobacco be less harmful for me than store-bought tobacco?
Pain in abdominal cavity after vp shunt revision. What do you suggest?
Worried about pancreatic cancer since my grandfather had it?
200 calories throughout the day or 100 calories once in the morning is good to lose weight?
How can I tell if what I have are signs of vulvar cancer?
What symptoms would a person have if they have kidney cancer?
I have a 12pk a day mountain dew habit. What long term health problems may arise from this?
For as long as I can remember I've heard too much mtn dew may cause kidney cancer?
I have testicular cancer and kidney cancer. Chance the cancer will come back somewhere else in me?
My sister always throws up when she has a cold. What causes that?
Is there a connection between excessive vertigo and cancer?
How long does a compression fracture take to heal? Can radiation help?
Do people with celiac disease always develop cancer?
"I just had a very disturbing dream that I had throat and intestinal cancer. Help, what does this mean?"
What are the side effects of treatment for uterine cancer?
What is the average lifespan of hepatocellular carcinoma?
Is cirrhosis terminal?
I was recently diagnosed with cirrosos. I am geonode 1. What does that mean?
What is the disease which makes you mute?
What kind of cancers can be cured by radiation therapy?
What is malignant mesothelioma? How is it different from benign?
How to tell if what I have is nasal cancer or an infection?
Sometimes I get really bloody noses that last for a long time. Please help me?
"With regards to lung cancer, what do they mean by a 5 year survival rate?"
Is it too late to cure lung cancer is it's in stage 3?
What is a necrotic inguinal node?
Why do some books claim that herbs can cure certain diseases? Is there any truth?
Is there a genetic link relating to adenocarcinoma of the lung?
What organs/tissues are affected by adenocarcinoma?
Why does ionizing radiation cause cancer decades later and not immediately?
Is it possible to be more than one kind of oncologist?
How young can someone with testicular cancer be?
What are the chances of recovering from prostate cancer if it's spread to the veins in your legs?
"My husband found out that he had prostate cancer a week ago and doctors said he was at stage 4, what can I do?"
What is the most advanced radiation oncology treatment for cancer?
My friend has stage 4 rhabdomyosarcoma. Can this be cured?
Why is it that your muscles can't get cancer?
What are the symptoms of rhabdomyosarcoma?
Mediastinal syndrome after small cell lung cancer. What are the odds of overcoming this?
"My dad has small cell lung cancer, after chemotherapy the tumor was reduced 80%, can it still grow if left alone?"
"Dad refused to do radiation for lung cancer, 2 and 1/2 months now and the tumor's bigger. Is there still time to do radiation?"
My brother will have 8 hrs. of chemo tomorrow for small cell lung cancer. What can I expect after that?
What are the odds that someone over 60 will get cancer? Is it higher than younger people?
How to tell if I have stomach cancer?
Can eating kimchi cause gastric cancer?
"Throat tightness, burning and painful. What can I do?"
What foods can someone with throat cancer eat?
Could problems with your thyroid be causing a lot of anxiety issues?
What are common symptoms of throat cancer?
What is life expectancy of a patient who has copd?
Can thyroid cancer lead to extreme weight loss?
Do biopsies for the thyroid hurt and leave scars?
"Woke up and have this phlegm, clogged feeling in my throat. How can I prevent this?"
How safe is external-beam radiation treatment for thyroid cancer?
"What are the odds of getting two different, unrelated cancers?"
"One side of my urethra itchy and a bit swollen, what could be wrong?"
"I'm sixty years old and have not had my period for five years. I started bleeding last week, problems?"
Can cancer of the uterus be cured?
Cycle day 50 and no period. What could be wrong?
"Should I be taking progesterone if I am taking premarin, and am pre-menopausal?"
Could you get vaginal cancer if you haven't started your period yet?
I had my period for almost 2 months nonstop. What is wrong with me?
No chance of std but have vaginal itch and burning. What should I do?
"I'm scared, I think I have vaginal cancer. Who should I talk to?"
My vagina is getting red itchy bumps on the inside. should I go to the ER?
Is it possible to get a tumor on your upper vaginal area?
I'm scared I may have oral cancer. What are the signs?
Will cancer patient's hair grow back after chemo?
Could coming off prednisone be the reason why my lupus came back?
My mom has advanced lupus. Lately her blood pressure has been really high along with chest pain. Help?
Taking plaquenil & pms sulfasalazine pills for my arthritis. Okay to mix those?
"Blood work: chronic low lymphocytes and monocytes, high ch50, pos ssa and ssb, pos. ana. Meaning?"
Suffering from fatigue but blood test came back normal. Help?
I'm a depressed mom that sleeps all day. How can I get over this?
"I have something that feels like a bruise, but is not a bruise?"
Using hydrogen oxide after adult circumcision. Is this okay?
Why do I have a 5 pack instead of 6 on my abs?
Dont see my dr for another month. Could difficulty breathing be caused by the ra?
Is it possible to have a disease with an incidence rate and no prevalence rate?
Can I drink wine if I have scleroderma?
Swollen body and instant itch upon touching. What does this sound like?
What disease are associated with malfunctioning of connective tissue?
Is turmeric a type of superfood(spice)?
Could curcumin be the most important heart disease remedy known to medicine?
Can spices remove plaque or just keep existing arteries clear of oxidized cholesterol?
"Does the incorporation of spices into one's diet have any effect, positive or negative, in body transformation?"
Can chronic constipation lead to sciatica?
Can I use evening primrose oil capsules ot vitamin b3 to get rid of spots on back?
"My boobs are aching, they're heavy and sore. What could it be?"
Can evening primrose oil supplement actually help with mood swings/pms?
"I need help! my eyes are puffy, red, saggy, wrinkly, dry, and tired! What should I do?"
What are some natural herbs to balance your female hormones?
What kind of herbal supplements are good for controlling pms mood swings?
What can I do to get rid of a chesty cough?
Who should I talk to about my period issues concerning my cycle and discharge?
Eczema is out of control. Is there anything I can take?
Right temple and the back of my right eye hurts. Can I take headache medication for this?
Can fractured joints cause arthritis?
For how long do you have to crack your fingers before they can become damaged?
Can a dislocated femur be fixed 20 years after the dislocation?
Who can help me with abcessed tooth?
What is the best treatment for sickle cell anemia?
Crohn's disease & metabolic bone disease. Is there a relation?
Are there any preventative measures for Crohn's disease & metabolic bone disease?
What should I do if I think Ihave a bone disease?
My alkaline phosphates are 255. What does this number mean?
I need dentures but would prefer implants. Which one works better?
What does physiological effects mean when doctors are talking about drug use?
Is it better to go for flap surgery before extracting decidous teeth?
How long will it take for water at the tip of my elbow caused by bursitis to go down?
What could be causing my left elbow to be red and warm all the time?
I broke the underside of my kneecap due to my cartiledge completely deteriorating. What are my options?
How long will I have house wifes knee (prepatellar bursitis) for once I start treatment?
What is the best treatment for a torn pectoral muscle over the heart?
"I went to an orthopedic specialist, and was told that I have bursitis in the hip area. What should I do now?"
What is the main cause of bursitis?
Is chondromalacia patellae a serious condition?
How long will it take to heal from osgood schlatters?
What is the best way to take medical marijuana for cancer pain?
Dx bipolar. I'm currently taking vicodin. I am taking it so I can feel normal. What are some side effects?
My energy crashes suddenly/severely after eating only certain things. What could be wrong?
How to tell the difference between withdrawal pain and the real pain?
I have crps but I am not in pain- is this normal?
What does it feel like coming off a lot of meds?
Could waxing trigger an autoimmune attack?
How do people get chronic pain syndrome?
Is amitriptyline good for crps?
How can I get my ankle to stop hurting after having an ankle sprain?
Why does my jaw hurt after eating/chewing? What could be the problem?
My knees gets red and warm to touch for no reason. What could be wrong?
How to tell if I have dysautonomia?
What is a qsart test and what is it used for?
"If blood pressure is measured while standing up, should it be more or less if taken while sitting down?"
What does it mean if my blood pressure reading are always higher when I'm standing up?
"Dizziness, light headed, feel like I'm going to vomit when I stand up. Also whooshing/white sound in my ear. What's wrong?"
I have been feeling lightheaded for years now. What is going on?
What is Ehlers - danlos syndrome and how can it be treated?
What is lysyl hydroxylase used for?
Could I still do physical contact sports if I have ehlersdanlos syndrome?
"Bruises peel off instead of fading, is this normal? Could they not be bruises?"
Haven't felt well since I received gardasil hpv vaccine three years ago. What could be wrong?
What vitamin supplement should I take for building up muscles for lifting?
What are the benefits of using a leg press?
Common side effects of birth control?
Is it possible for me to be lactose intolerant even though I can have dairy at times?
"What is a good way to deal with, or resolve cavities without the help of dentistry?"
How to tell if I have a stress fracture in my femur?
Ankle swelling and very painful when in a walking cast. What do you suggest?
How do I know what's wrong with my ankle?
"I possibly chipped my bone, how do I figure whats wrong with it?"
"Painful ankle swelling, what can I take to get the swelling down?"
How long does a sprained ankle remain swollen?
Diagnosed with Polyarteritis and I'm unable to work and I'm walking with a stick. Will I have this for life?
Why are my grandad's feet are stone cold?
My husband had diabetic neuropathy and for the past 2 mos. has suffered with severe itching. What can I do for this?
Are there any remedies for nasal congestion?
Are burning hands a symptom of diabetes?
What's the best treatment for peripheral neuropathy?
"I've had a really bad time with peripheral neuropathy, anything new on the market?"
How long does type ii diabetes take to get really dangerous?
Are there any otc meds to relieve the pain associated with psoriatic arthritis?
My father has psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis and has been really nauseous. How can I help?
"My knees are suddenly buckling with no pain, what could be wrong?"
What does doctors usually presribe for psoriatic arthritis?
Help I think I've got gout. What do I do?
"I have a big lump on my thumb around my nail which is causing a lot of pain, what should I do for this?"
What can I take to stop gout pain in the ankles?
I have the gout and it's made my big toe huge. Is there a way to lower it (stop the swollen toe)?
Can cream dory cause gout?
"Woke up with a sore foot, could it be gout?"
Any link between nasal polyps and asthma?
"Can ""gastroscopy"" detect any type of viruse?"
My face has been seriously freaking out since I quit smoking. How can I reduce the sensitivity?
My heart has been fluttering a lot and its accompanied by constant chest pain. What do you suggest?
How can I get rid of the darkness on and around my joints?
What are common symptoms of meloxicam?
Is it possible for a 13/14 year old girl to get arthritis?
How does someone get juvenile rheumatoid arthritis?
Dry cough and a rash on my son's limbs. I am concerned it may be juvenile rheumatoid arthritis?
My 2 year has a red blotchy rash and swollen knees. What should I do?
I'm a teen with arthritis and a stress fracture. Will I suffer from this my whole life?
Can alcohol and cigarettes worsen your hip osteoarthritis condition?
I have osteoarthritis in my knee. The pain comes and goes in minutes. Is that normal?
Is it true that camphor cream can cause a lot of sweating?
Is it possible for preteens/teenagers to have osteoarthritis?
My left hip joint hurts and what do you recommend I do?
Right side of neck hurts. What painkiller can I take?
How does someone get fibromyalgia and what are the symptoms?
"My arm muscles feel like they're on fire, what could be wrong?"
Is it possible to get addicted to sleep?
My arm and fingers are going painfully numb. What could be wrong?
What can I do/eat to get leaner legs?
I need help burning off fat. What do you suggest?
I want to know if it's safe for me to workout everyday?
How do I tell if this is stress or if there's something wrong with my heart?
What is a connective tissue?
"I'm about to go traveling. I have joint pain and rash, what can I take with me as precaution?"
What can I do to overcome caffeine withdrawals?
How long will it take to lose inches if I'm wearing a waist work out band during my work outs?
Has anyone tried remicade for ibd or ulcertive colitis?
I get an odd pain in left arm at night. Should I be worried?
I am suffering from joint/muscle pain and weakness. What doctor should I see for this?
"My rheumatologist said 'if a patient has lupus then prednisone doesn't work."" Why is that?"
Where can I find cushions for my toes?
My fingers are wrinkled at the end all the time. Is this normal?
"Shoulder pain, limited strength and inability to lift arm up. What could this be?"
Is clear splash sparkling water a good substitute for regular water? Is anything?
Are there any good substitutes for potassium in bananas?
Is it normal to feel sick when transitioning from a complete liquid diet to a solid food diet?
Is it okay to drink a lot of sobe zero-calorie life water?
How to tell if I have raynaud's syndrome or something else?
"What does it mean to have ""heavy periods""?"
Warm feet make me feel ill/restless. How do I stop this?
"If I have raynaud's disease, will I still be able to donate blood?"
Is there a link between raynaud syndrome and palpitations?
Having pain in my ankle after elliptical. What do you recommend?
What can I do to quickly act on my swollen knee due to gout attack?
"When you are sick and you need no caffeine, no acid, no carbonation, little sodium & little sugar, what can you eat?"
I've had gout for two weeks now and it's still not shifting I am on warfarin?
"Aside from taking nsaids, what is the fastest way to relieve gout pain?"
How can I cure myself from arthritis pain without taking any medication?
Fingers keep cracking. It doesn't look swollen or red though. Could it be arthritis pain?
I'm 43 years old and 99 kg and vegan. I seriously want to reduce my weight and size. Any tips?
Why do people get addicted to prescription painkillers? Is there an addictive ingredient in there?
"Do painkiller addicts just need relief from chronic pain, or does it provide a ""high"" of some kind?"
Is it safe to combine caffeine with vicodin?
What does it mean if thryoglobulin antibodies are high and the ana is positive?
Does an auto immune disorder have anything to do with a defect in killer t cells?
How do doctors administer colchicine?
What is the best way to deal with acute gout?
Tested + for connective tissue disorder but doctor says no? Who to believe?
What is the best OTC pain reliever for arthritis?
"Dealing with very serious knee issues, just can't seem to find any answers. Where can I find help?"
What is hyalgan?
Trying to lose weight whilst on medication. What do you recommend?
"Can scar tissue infertility be ever be ""cured""?"
What are the symptoms of chronic dehydration? Could it indicate something more serious?
Are tomatos harmful for rheumatoid arthritis?
At what bodyweight do joint problems become common?
Cystic acne problems. What kind of specialist should I see about this?
I got bit by a tick about 9 months ago. Could the effects start showing up now?
How many calories should I eat a day if I'm trying to gain weight?
Will I still have my fitness level if I become anorexic?
How much rhodiola rosea is needed to stop / treat premature ejaculation?
What is plasma acth and how is it performed?
What is the ab acth plasma stimulation test for?
Been having knee pain and not sure what's wrong. Who do I talk to?
Swelling and bruising in my knees. What can I do for this swelling?
What are some common causes of internal knee swelling?
"I have this red scale-y rash on neck and chest. Also have nausea, diarrhea, the shakes and joint pain?"
Are there any benefits to taking extra vitamin d?
Extremely horrible reaction to cortisone injection and cortisone medrol dose pak. Are there any alternatives?
What are the effects from depo medrol + lidocaine in trigger point injections?
I have unbearable cramps during my periods. When should I take painkillers?
"Elbow pain, ankle pain, and hoarse voice. What does this sound like?"
"Prednisone 5mg 6 day pack, will it cause moonface/weight gain or insomnia?"
What is the treatment for bone marrow edema?
What could be causing my pain the day before I do my methotrexate injection?
Psoriasis on elbows/knees. Will this get worse if untreated?
"I'm on methotrexate, can I still drink?"
How to tell if someone may have juvenile arthritis?
"For the prescription ""methotrexate 2.5 mg tab ../vi po q week # 24"", how much should I take per day?"
Is it possible to get arthritis as a teen?
What could causing my knees to turn red and become stiff?
Can masturbation cause back pain?
Last 2 weeks I'm experiencing back pain and early morning stiffness. Could it be related to my daily masturbation?
Are there any good home remedies for fibromylagia pain?
"Constantly pulling muscles, help! What do you recommend?"
What are the safest yet effective weight loss pills?
How long does it take for pink eye to go away by itself?
What exactly does triple antibiotic protection do?
"I want off of prednisone, will it hurt me if I drop the medicine completely?"
"If im allergic to penicilin, can I take prednisone instead?"
Prednisone: is water retention a side effect?
How high should 17-0hp levels be?
I am 52 years old for about 3 years I have had sore joints and swollen muscles in my legs and knees. Is raynauds disease related?
Could someone have cold urticaria and raynauds at the same time?
Swollen foot after being outside in the cold. Why did this happen?
"My feet are always cold, tingly and numb. What do I do for this?"
Who should I talk to if I think I have raynaud's disease?
Excruciating pain when hands/feet get cold. What does this sound like?
What could be causing my fingers to swell up randomly?
Could you help me get rid of itchy toes?
My 16 months old daughter had chest congestion. What do you recommend?
I have chlamydia induced arthritis. Will this be permanent?
What can I expect from my new medication celebrex?
Are there any alternative medicines to tylenol and ibuprofen?
Will osgood schlatter disease last your whole life?
"Why is my dr using a ""nocotine patch"" for c-diff?"
How well did remicade work for your patients?
Crohn's disease plus pain and nausea equals constant agony. Is there anything I can do?
Bathroom problems and lack of appetite. What could be wrong?
What can I talk to for ulcerative colitis help?
"Been taking pills 2x a day for ulcerative colitis, asacol and prednisone. I still have a little blood in my stool. Why?"
Is it safe to get a hepatitis b shot if you're on remicade?
Do I need a prescription for remifemin?
I feel like my chest is jumping. It is right in the middle. Is there anything I can do to make it stop?
How long does it take for strep to turn into rheumatic fever?
How dangerous is a newly discovered heart murmur if you are 65+?
Which is better to treat rheumatic fever: ayurveda or allopathy?
I'm 34 and i've been getting chest pains over my heart. What could be wrong?
What are the treatments available for adenoids in kids?
"Is surgery the only option to treat adenoids? If not, what else is there?"
Need help choosing supplements/herbs for copd and arthritis. What do you recommend?
What are the best drugs for rheumatism?
Are there any natural remedies/herbal for anxiety?
What is ayurveda? What is panchakarma?
What are common causes of severe joint pain?
Tips on how to deal with stress related joint pains?
Why does my thumb click loudly every once in a while? Is this bad?
"Hot forehead and body, stomach ache. What are these symptoms of?"
How long does it take before I get lupus bloodwork results back?
"My knees and right under my knees hurt so bad, what should I do?"
My knees bothering me. How do I figure out what it is?
Can people with lupus become doctors?
What is the best way to come off hydrocodone lortab?
How long does a trapezius strain take to completely heal?
Is it possible to have an overdose on robaxisal extra strength?
My dad has had really severe pain in his left shoulder for a month! What should we do?
"What can I do about swollen, hard, tender lymph nodes in my neck that do not move?"
Puss on tonsils and trouble swallowing. What does this sound like?
Some lymph nodes were found in my neck and groin. Is this serious?
What could be the cause of tender lymph nodes in neck?
Tender lymph nodes in neck. Could it be from post nasal drip?
What would it feel like to have chronic fatigue syndrome?
What are the symptoms of a fungal infection?
My foreskin is attached to my bellend so I can't pull it back. Is this normal?
My problem is that I have a tight foreskin on my penis. How can I fix this?
Are there any treatments for chilblains?
Sore and stinging penis! What should I do?
I have a tight foreskin. Wht should I do to help recover from it?
Eczema could quite possibly be the worst pain I've ever felt. How can I reduce the pain?
Can weight loss products contain steroids that can cause tinea incognito?
Can I lead a normal healthy life&have a good sex life after marriage if I have phimosis?
What is the proper way to stretching penis foreskin?
I have very tight penis foreskin. Need tips for cleaning under it or for having sex without pain?
Non-itchy rash around mouth and red bumps on torso. What could this be?
"Vasculitis and tachacardia, do they always go together?"
Been having sharp pain in lower testicle. What should I do?
How can I get rid of the early stages of a cold sore?
I overdosed on 42 aleve pills (about 9300mg). How long before I fully recover?
Advil or aleve: which is better for sores and aches?
How to tell if my ear infection is getting better or worse?
I am 6'2'' 180 lbs. How many 250mg aleve pills can I safely take?
Can the tailbone heal itself?
"Swollen lymph nodes, sore joints, odd blood work - help what should I do?"
Will glucosamine-chondroitin help the effects of accutane?
What supplement is best for grinding/cracky joints?
What does glucosamine chondroitin do to your body?
I'm a basketball player and I need something for joint/ligament pain?
Do hyaluronic and collagen tablets really work?
Does flexacil ultra relieve joint pain?
How does accutane (roaccutane) cause back ache?
Is it okay to take fish oil and glucosamine at the same time?
What causes my joints to make creaking noises?
Both my knees in severe pain! Recommendations for the pain?
I am peeing brown all of a sudden. What could be wrong?
I get horrible headaches when I touch myself. What does this mean?
Is it safe to take indomethacin and hydrocodone together?
Headache nausea back pain and dizziness. What could these symptoms be?
What should I give to my teenage girl for her period pain? Any vitamins?
Can you get pms symptoms 2 weeks before your period? What does that mean?
Is tonic water safe to drink?
Do your muscles get really tense during sleep paralysis?
What muscles cause your hands to cramp up?
How long does the pain usually last after a leg cramp?
Rheumatoid arthritis very stiff and painful in the mornings. Is anything I can do to ease & loosen up?
Best way to treat cramps if you have high blood pressure?
I have pain in my symphisis pubis. Is there anything I can do?
Hip pain that has been here for months suddenly worsened. Should I get to the ER?
Is lower back pain common after inguinal hernia surgery? How long can that last?
How can I tell if my stitches are infected?
What are the benefits of jogging?
Id like to gain muscle and excercise more. What should I do?
"Plantar fascia is normal -no evidence of joint effusion, what should I do?"
"Clotting times and excessive bruising, what causes this?"
"During alcohol abuse, why does clotting and excessive bruising occur?"
Could eating too much meat lead to inflammation?
I have been eating more meat than usual and noticed some swelling in my body lately. Related?
What are some anti inflammatory foods?
Pain mgmt tips for arthritis in the hips? Preferrably those that can be self-administered at home?
Car accident related back pain. What can I take for this?
How long will pain from pancreatitis last? It's been 10 days and still in a lot of pain?
How long should you be on adderall for adhd?
Can focalin cause a 5 year old to revert back and forget potty training?
Any cases of amytriptlene helping with nerve pain?
I have back pains with a bulging disc and pinched nerve in my l4 l5 disc and the neurosurgeon recommended amytriptlene?
I have a whole leg spasms/cramps. What do you suggest?
"Back problems for years. It's now radiating down the arm. Doc wants to do trigger point injections, should I do it?"
Chronic pain after surgeries. Help what should I do?
I currently have an ongoing (4 year) muscle problem with my left rib cage. What kind of specialist should I see?
What does it mean when your chest hurts only when you cough. Is this something to be worried about?
When will the steroid shot wear off if you took it for mono?
"I got a shot on monday, and I am wondering if the shot wears off will my sore throat come back?"
Extremely bad lower back pain on the left side. What can I take for this?
"I have been getting steroid shots, are there any negative side effects?"
"Tingling tongue, worse at night. It's not thrush. What could it be?"
Is it normal to feel really aggressive after getting a steroid shot?
Fastest way to get rid of lupus rash?
What does it mean to have a mild allergic reaction?
Is the malar/butterfly rash a permanent rash?
Possible cause of lymphocytopenia with neutrophilia?
I have lymphocytes 7.4% and neutrophils 83.1%. Should I be worried?
Can hyaluronan taken in supplement form be as effective as hyaluronic acid injections?
Joint cracking constantly. Should I be worried?
"Rheumatoid arthritis, nerve twitches, stomach pain/inflammation. What could this be?"
Hurts when my joints crack and also muscle weakness. Could I have a disease?
Jaw pain resulting from joint cracking. Should I see a dentist or ENT?
What is the reason behind ankles popping?
Factors came back non reactive. Whenever I walk all the joints crack. Is this reumatoid arthritis?
Joints cracking and bones grinding/creaking. Can this be some form of arthritis?
What drugs can cause saratonin syndrome?
Recently diagnosed with bladder cancer and an abdominal aortic aneurysm. What advice do you have?
Is it possible for someone in their 20s to have an abdominal aortic aneurysm?
What are some common symptoms of anxiety?
Afraid of having a brain aneurysm. How can I prevent this?
"Night sweats and vomiting, what is causing this?"
Could I have an aneurysm from plugging my nose when sneezing?
What are some common depo-provera injection side effects?
What happens in your body when you faint?
Should I get any tests done by a doctor as I eat a lot of processed meat?
Are there any differences between the types of l-arginine?
How high is the possibility of getting cancer for chronic smokers?
Do smokers surely always develop cancer or is there some possibility of not getting it?
"During anxiety, my new girlfriend checks her pulse to make sure her heart is still beating. Is this?"
Cardiac arrest and heart issues at 17. What kind of treatments are there?
"I've had a variety of side affects since taking ibuprofen, what else can I take?"
My chest started hurting and even in my throat. its hurts more when I move. Should I be worried?
Difference between peripheral artery disease and coronary artery disease?
My pulse is always very high. Does this mean anything?
Need help for heart problems. Who can I talk to?
Please help really scared about varicose veins. How do I fix this?
How to tell if I have mitral valve prolapse?
Can mitral valve prolapse cause idiopathic edema?
"Been having a low heart rate recently, should I go see a doctor?"
Resting heart rate is 128 bpm. Is this bad?
I suffer from mitral valve prolapse (mild) and want to start exercising. What would be the best excercise?
I suffer from mitral valve prolapse and scoliosis. Will I be able to exercise?
What are the benefits of yoga for men?
What could pain on the left side of my neck below the ear and radiating down my left arm be?
My arms and wrists hurt really bad. Should I ice it?
Shoulder pain when I lift my arms up to the side. What could this be?
Diagnosed with thoracic outlet syndrome but I only have issues with right arm?
What does yoga do to improve your physical strength?
How can I stop this left arm pins and needles sensation?
Can doing yoga help lose fat and weight?
"My father's heart rate has been oddly low, no history of problems. What can it be?"
Is it true that black tea helps reduces effects of smoking?
Can drinking black tea help prevent lung damage?
Coughing extremely hard. Could this be lung damage?
Do I need a prescription to buy ammonia inhalants?
Is it true that e-hookahs are safe to smoke?
"Everytime I laugh I fart, the harder I laugh the more I do it, even if I'm not gassy. Any reason for this?"
Atenolol makes me tired. I had aortic valve replacement 6 weeks ago. What can I take?
Any alternatives to atenolol that doesn't cause fatigue?
"How does a doctor/local gp tell if you are ""depressed""?"
How fast can you build up muscle?
"Have difficulty breathing, pressure on chest and lungs. Please advice what to do?"
"Is it normal for someone to still be confused, head in the clouds, 40 hours after cabg?"
What is the difference between stent and bypass?
What can I do to help my father with his second time heart blockage? Bypass or no?
How does gastric bypass surgery work in losing weight?
I have a stretch mark issue. What can I do to get rid of them?
Do heart bypass surgeries require cracking the chest open?
How dangerous can leg bypass surgery be due to peripheral arterial disease?
Tips on caring for my baby after gastric bypass surgery?
"My father was told he is not a good candidate for open heart surgery, are there any alternatives?"
My dad is having heart bypass surgery. What are the risks?
What could have triggered blockage after just 2 years of bypass?
What are the risk factors with ef of 32%?
I think I have post perfusion syndrome (pump head syndrome) after undergoing heart bypass surgery. Is that possible?
I have pigeon's chest. Is this a common condition?
Pectus excavatum (chest deformity) - does it have any symptoms?
What is the age restriction to have plastic surgery in the US?
Are you more at risk for pneumonia after a double lung transplant?
What is wrong with me? I keep coughing up blood and I feel all weak?
"How do I get rid of round shoulders and stand straighter, get better posture?"
"I have pectus excavatum , what can I do?"
I have shortness of breath all the time. What do you advise?
What is it called when your sternum/breast bone is malformed?
What would be the reason why someone would need second heart bypass surgery?
How long could someone live with heart cancer?
Are electronic cigarettes safe for health?
"I have my phone on me all the time, could it give me any unusual cancers?"
"Over an extended period of time, will having a phone in my pocket give me leg, testicular, or heart cancer?"
"Could a 'shadow"" on an ecg mean cancer?"
"My friend has heart cancer, now if he replaces his heart, will he be cured?"
Are there any health risks of occasional smoking?
Is it safe for me to have goat's milk after a heart op?
What kind of workouts should I do to build muscle?
My dad had a heart attack this morning and I'm scared. Could he get another one soon?
What is the risk of heart surgery on a 50 year old man?
I think I'm suffering from depression. Who should I talk to?
What are the uses for seloken xl 25 mg tablets?
Do you have fat under your rib cage?
I need to lose my love handles fast. What do you advise?
Is having heartburn everyday not good for you? What can be done?
How to prevent infection after open heart surgery?
What could be causing a left supraclavicular fossa pain?
What does it mean if you have an airpocket by your heart?
How does blood pooling occur in a person's leg?
Is copd related to cor pulmonale?
Could heart failure be missed during tests?
"Really nervous about pneumothorax, what can I do?"
What can I eat or drink to stop being constipated?
Should you go to the hospital if you have tracheal swelling?
My mom is in icu right now with a ventilator to help her breathe. How hard is to wean someone off a ventilator?
"What are the chances of recovering, if the patient is on an icu ventilator?"
What is the hole in the neck for breathing called?
What exactly is a non-invasive ventilator?
Chest mucus buildup making it so I can't breathe. What is the best treatment for this?
Is it possible for someone to die while on life support?
Is tracheotomy a good treatment for a cancer patient having breathing problems?
How to tell if I have appendicitis?
"Why when I stretch my body, my heart starts pumping really fast? Is that normal?"
Pulsing sensations in lower abdomen. What could they be?
My boyfriend has the tasticular pain. What is the treatment for that?
Can pigeon chest (pectus carniatum) go away on its own?
"My chest seems to ""go in"" rather than stay straight. Some people call it a pigeon chest. How to fix this?"
Can I workout by doing chest exercises to improve pigeon chest?
I have a small dent in betweem my breast. What is this?
Hymen repair surgery with absorbable sutures. Is it guaranteed to get tightness there again?
Recommendations for natural or home treatments for interstitial cystitis?
Urethra and bladder discomfort feels like a bladder infection but not painful. What could it be?
What is the best method to reducing painful sex with intersitial cystitis?
What are kegel exercises? Are they actually effective?
What type of kegel devices are good for controlling your bladder?
Is there such thing as reverse kegel exercises?
How can I do to tighten my vagina?
I've been leaking urine lately (female). Any way to fix this?
Leaking urine. no cough or sneezing. What could cause that?
What could be causing my balls and even butt to besore after ejaculating?
"Recurring utis, lower left back pain under rib cage, high white blood cell count in urine, nausea, weakness. Causes?"
20 year old male with incontinence. What is the solution?
Is a leaky bladder fixable?
Lower back pain and loss of bladder control. What can be done for this?
I'm having trouble keeping balance and seeing straight. What do you recommend?
What are kegel balls for?
Frequent urination and irritating burning in penis. What could be the cause?
Is incomplete emptying feeling a sign of an over active bladder?
What could be causes of frequent urination for 30yr old male?
I have frequent urination throughout the day. It's not a uti and could be an std. Possibly HIV?
"I have no std or uti. I'm 20 and have no reason why I feel I have to pee all the time, so why?"
What can cause an overactive bladder (oab)?
Takin ditropan for overactive bladder and still having issues. What should I do now?
What would happen if I smoked weed while taking oxybutynin?
Frequent urination but no uti. What should I do to figure out what's wrong?
I have a problem where when I use the bathroom I can't pee all the way?
Do I still have ibs or is it cured? How to tell?
Should I go to school if I have a rectal prolapse?
"I think I have a rectal prolapse, what do you suggest?"
Is it common for ibs sufferers to have lowered productivity?
What can I expect when going in for a pelvic exam?
"During bowel movements, it feels like my intestine is showing at the mouth of my vagina?"
What should I do? I have schizophrenia and need medication)?
Can a tampon cause a lump to form on the front of the vaginal wall?
I have been having a lot of pain in my abdominal/pelvic area. What should I do?
"Bleeding only when I use the washroom, what could be wrong?"
Could having constant uti's be a sign of something more serious?
Incontinence a year after surgery. Should I see a doc?
Going to the bathroom too fast and not empyting all the way. Is this serious?
Could getting a ct scan delay my period?
"I get uti infections all the time, what do you suggest?"
How to tell if I have a uti or yeast infection?
Urinary tract infection symptoms continue after treatment. What are good treatments for this?
What does it mean if you have white specks in urine?
How can I stop pain at the end and after urination?
I had a urine test for chlamydia and gonorrhea done almost 5 days ago. When can I expect results?
"I've been showing symptoms of gonorrhea, but i'm only 18. Can I get medicine without permission?"
"Mucus like discharge coming from anus, what does this sound like?"
Does a urine test detect chlamydia and gonnorehea if you are infected?
Can you get gonorrhea without having sexual contact with someone who's not infected?
Is doxycycline safe to take during pregnancy?
What can cause vaginal bleeding after sexual intercourse?
What is this creamy discharge in my vagina?
Been having pain whilst urinating. What could it be?
What are symptoms of infection with foley catheter?
Where can I find pain relief from bladder spasms?
What is this sharp stabbing pain under my waste above my pubic hair?
What are common symptoms of bladder infection?
Hearing a heart beat in stomach and some pain. What should I do?
Why is high cholesterol bad for you? What does it do?
What are symptoms of anemia that make you always look pale?
Is it possible that I have peripheral heart disease(leg pain when resting) without claudication?
I have an urge to chain smoke but everytime I do smoke my stomach hurts. Advice?
Can sleeping with your legs crossed cause deep vein thrombosis?
"If a person dies for 20 minutes and they are revived, are they ever normal when they come back to life?"
What kind of pain medication would be best to relieve the pain from a diabetic ulcer?
What is a good pain medicine to control the pain of a diabetic ulcer?
"What are doc recommended creams to use on a diabetic ulcer, to help heal it, and relieve pain?"
Can hemp seeds help heal your wounds?
My mum has a diabetic ulcer on her leg Should we try hemp seeds to help heal it?
"If you have a diabetic ulcer the size of a quarter, what would the drs do to heal?"
Are vegetables really that important in your diet?
Is it true that vitamen e can prevent coronary heart disease? How?
How can vitamen e prevent heart disease?
What irregular heart rhythms can be treated with an external defibrillation?
What could happen if your cholesterol exceeds 300?
"Will eliminating wheat, sugar and potatoes, and other white stuff from my diet help flatten my stomach?"
How can an affected erectile dysfunction person come to know whether if the problem is physical or physiological?
What could be causing this constant ringing noise in my ear?
Could smoking lead to spider naevus spots?
Been feeling quite stressed and I rarely drink. Could this be because of blocked arteries from smoking?
How dangerous is the blocked artery operation on your neck?
Been having tight legs after sitting on a chair for a while. How do I prevent this?
How long does it usually take to recover from a carotid endarterectomy operation?
Can having varicose veins kill you?
Will I still be able to workout my legs if I have varicose veins?
Is it dangerous to scratch varicose veins?
I just got out of the shower and I'm itching everywhere help! Is this some sort of allergic reaction?
How effective is flamazine cream for an infected ear?
"Flamazine creams are used for burns, leg ulcers and pressure sores but would it still work for my ears?"
How long do people commonly survive at the stage of retinopathy & gangrene?
What should I do if I accidentally peeled off the dried blister?
Some how I am prone to an ulcer on my right leg shin area. What could be the reason?
What is the best way to heal a cut vein?
Is there any connection between venous stasis disease and lymphedema?
Is it possible for peripheral vascular disease to only affect 1 limb?
What is cellulitis?
"Could paresthesia (extremity ""falling asleep"") be caused by a circulatory issue?"
What are common symptoms of peripheral vascular disease?
How can peripheral vascular disease affect cardiac output?
Can niacin really help children grow taller?
How to tell if what I have are stretch marks or something else?
My dr is sure that my calf edema is from leaky blood vessels. What could make him so confident?
"What can pycnogenol, french pine bark extract be used to treat?"
Why is it that both sides of the neck should never be massaged simultaneously during carotid sinus massage?
"Swollen ankles, feet and legs. What should I do?"
What is the best way to get rid of bruised/ swollen ankle fast?
Is it possible for your living space to make you ill?
I have a swollen ankle. Are there any quick remedies?
Knee pain and swollen ankles. What could be causing this?
"Besides papsmear tests, what else can be used to detect cervical cancer?"
Swollen veins after a month from iv. What can I do for this?
Why is my arm sore after a week of the IV being taken out?
Is there a link between cellulitis and surerficial thrombophleditis?
What could have caused my 14 year old to have spider veins on her legs?
"After receiving a heart stent, how long do you have to wait before you can drive again?"
How long (generally) is the hospital stay after having a heart stent?
My grandma is getting heart stents and I am scared for her. What are the risks with this procedure?
Is it okay to take antibiotics prior to dental appt?
"Is jogging every day count as ""enough"" exercise?"
Does masturbation have any effect on a person's health? Either male or female?
"Im type 1 diabetic, is this curable? What kind of treatments are there?"
I've heard having big muscles aren't necessarily a good thing. What could happen?
"I heard that the bigger your muscles are, the more work your body has to do. Is this true?"
What is the modern cure for smoker's lung?
Can going running tone your entire body?
Really overweight and want to lose weight. What do you recommend?
What are the early signs of having a brain aneurysm?
I am bleeding from my back passage. Please help?
"Male 80 years elderly diabetic patient angioplasty or bypass, both are possible. Which is safer/better?"
In my heart 80% block in svg to d1. How dangerous is this?
How long will it take for a person to fully recover after an angioplasty?
Is it possible to get rid of cholesterol and fat buildup in your blood vessels without western medicine?
My father is having diabetes mellitus type 2. Had angioplasty 2 months ago and now his weight has decreased a lot. What should we do?
What are common side effects of metoprolol?
Is it common to experience intolerable side effects while taking metoprolol? What are the alternatives?
Carotid doppler ultrasound showed elevated psv in right ica but normal ica/cca. What's this mean?
What could be causing me to feel like I'm going to puke after working out?
Would I be in a lot of pain if I had a pulmonary embolism?
Husband is in ICU. Docs say that he has pulmonary embolism . Will he be able to recover?
Is it rare for women to have a uterine fibroid embolization?
Just had surgery 2 days ago and the pain is horrible. I was prescribed percocet and the pain still doesn't go away. Advice?
Are there any non-surgical options for kidney cancer?
What is a uterine artery embolization and how can it be treated?
What do doctors do to stop bleeding in the lungs?
Whta are the symptoms of deep vein thrombosis?
"My ecg results interpreted that I have normal sinus rhythm, leftvaxis deviation and inferolateral wall ischemi. Can you explain?"
Is ischemia a dangerous condition? What does it do?
What is sclerosing lymphangitis? How can it be treated?
Patient misdiagnosed with diabetic nerve pain instead of leg artery. What could happen if wrong treatment was given?
I have a swelling injury from a fall. Can I treat this at home or should I go see a doctor?
What may jugular pulses indicate?
There are some quite prominent veins in my penis area. Should I be worried?
Can I use estrogen and blocker to treat prominent veins?
How to get rid of obvious veins on your hands and how to prevent them?
I have prominent green veins on my hands. What do you recommend to make them disappear?
Whenever I breathe I feel this sharp pain in my left lung like a splinter puncture. Could it be a tumor?
Blood pressure acting up again. It's getting really bad after going back to work. What should I do?
I have a narrowing of the renal artery and it has raised my blood pressure. What is the treatment?
Extremely high blood pressure for years. What complications can this cause?
What are the most common causes of high blood pressure?
What is transmyocardial revascularization?
Recently got casts on both legs. What tips do you have to cope with this?
How can I bathe if I have a cast of both of my legs?
Is it safe for a 15 year old to undergo sclerotherapy?
What should I do about my grade ii internal hemorrhoids?
What are some common side effects of ortho erva?
How will hrt affect me if I am diabetic?
Is yaz safe to give to teenagers?
I'm hesitant about reproducing when I have a family history of mental illness. Can I do anything to prevent this?
I hate cooking and measuring carefully the amounts calories I'm eating. How can I better keep track of my consumption?
I had dvt 5 years ago and am still cramping and have bad swollen legs. Is there anything I can do?
Bone punctured the femoral artery. How would surgeons fix this?
What is the best way to soothe muscles after a hard workout?
Went to the gym for a decent work out. My muscles ache a lot. What can I do for this?
What is better for you with regards to buffing up: creatine or protein?
What is the cause of having a low amount of blood in your system?
Is it safe to drink whey protein before and after workouts?
Female that weighs 140lbs-how much whey protein is okay to drink before and after work outs?
Donating blood and I have eczema. Will they still use it?
My iron level is measured at 39. Is this bad? Should I go see my doc?
Tips on post-op care for venipuncture site?
I have had these little red spots only on my palms for about a year now. What could it be?
I have poor blood circulation and also bruise easily. What can be done for this?
Best way to fix poor circulation?
"I get red or purple veins that appear on my skin when cold, is this normal?"
I am always cold and it gets so painful. What should I do?
What can I do to get good circulation in my feet?
Right hand is always cold and right arm feels numb/tingly. What could this be?
Advice for patients with end stage liver disease?
"I'm only 48 but have pins and needles, numbness and bad circulation. What could be wrong?"
What could be causing me to get pain randomly all around my body?
Is there a link between joint pain and bad circulation?
I got blue legs after wearing skinny jeans. Is this serious? What should I do?
What are the chances of survival after being shot in the femoral artery?
"I've got a swollen leg after an angiogram, what can I do for the swelling?"
I may have vascular trouble. How do i find out what's wrong?
What is a pulse wave velocity heart test used for?
How bad is artial fibrillation? Can someone with this live for a long time if caught early?
I'm an veteran with add. I only get motivated by intense (negative) stress. Is this normal?
Can lovenox be taken long term? Are there any dangers to this?
Are blood clots in your heart a serious condition?
"For blood clots in your legs, how long do patients receive treatment/take medication for it?"
"Suffering from lupus, allergic to penicillin, and was prescribed doxycycline. How safe is it to take this?"
Is it okay to take green coffee bean extract if I am on a blood thinner (coumadin)? and can't drink green tea?
What could cause blood in urine in an 84 year old who takes coumadin?
Is pradaxa medicine safe to use? What are the side effects?
Pradaxa medicine is said to have dangerous side effects. Is it true?
Can I still get another blood clot of I am on coumadin?
What is the cause of high inr levels?
Would you recommend to take aspirin when someone is having stroke symptoms?
Muscles hurt in my throat 2 weeks after having a tonsilectomy and adenoid. Is this bad?
What could I use to help it stop my throat from hurting after tonsilectomy?
Is it possible to see thyroid on a cardiac ultrasound?
Is it possible to put someone to sleep with neck pinching?
What can I do to get rid of a neck crick quickly?
"How soon after a small stroke could someone get another, if no medication was taken?"
Experiencing external jugular vein pain which is also bulging. Should I be worried?
Could my arm pain possibly be from a blood clot? How can I get it checked out?
What could be the reason why my hands and feet are always cold?
What could be the reason why my feet are always cold?
19yr male. What could be the reason why my hands and feet are always cold?
"Multi vitamin, fish oil, gingko biloba and l-theanine. Would these supplments be good for me?"
Can shilajit have any serious interactions with ssri's?
I am currently taking ginkgo biloba tablets once a day for my bad memory. Can I also drink alcohol?
I can't sleep! I have adhd. Does this have anything to do with it?
Are there certain pills that could really increase brain proficiency?
Can taking too many vitamins be bad?
"I have a infected, venous ulcer on the bottom inside leg, just above my ankle. What treatments are there?"